PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE
These terms and conditions of use describe the terms and conditions applicable to your use of Biogen Inc.’s (“Biogen”) website. By using this website, you signify your assent to these Terms and Conditions of Use. If you do not agree to all of these Terms and Conditions of Use, do not use this website.
Biogen may modify this website and the rules and regulations governing its use, at any time. Modifications will be posted on the website, so please check back when you use the website. By continuing use of the website after such changes are posted you will be accepting such changes.
THIS WEBSITE DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL OR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES ADVICE
The content on this website is intended to be a general information resource in regard to the subject matter covered, but is provided solely on an “as is” and “as available” basis as noted on these Terms and Conditions of Use. You are encouraged to confirm the information contained herein with other sources, and to review the information carefully with your professional healthcare provider. Biogen is not engaged in rendering medical or similar professional services or advice via this website, and the information provided is not intended to replace medical advice offered by a physician. If you desire or need such services or advice, you should consult a professional healthcare provider. You should not construe Biogen’s publication of this content as an endorsement by Biogen of the views expressed herein, or any warranty or guarantee of any strategy, recommendation, treatment, action or application of medication or preparation made by the author of the content.
SCOPE OF USE
Biogen invites you to view, use and download a single copy of this website for your informational, non-commercial use. Except as otherwise provided on this page, no part of any content or software on this website may be copied, downloaded or stored in a retrieval system for any other purpose, nor may it be redistributed for any purpose, without the expressed written permission of Biogen. You understand that Biogen may discontinue, change or restrict your use of this website for any reason without notice.
By using this website, you represent that you are at least 18 years old and a U.S. resident.
NO WARRANTIES
All content on this website is provided to you on an “as is” “as available” basis without warranty of any kind either express or implied, including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy and non-infringement. Biogen makes no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability of any content available through this website. You are responsible for verifying any information before relying on it. Use of the website and the content available on the website is at your sole risk. Biogen makes no representations or warranties that use of the website will be uninterrupted or error-free. You are responsible for taking all necessary precautions to ensure that any content you may obtain from the website is free of viruses.
The above exclusions may not apply in jurisdictions that do not allow the exclusion of certain implied warranties.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; NO DUTY TO UPDATE
Your use of the website or any content on the website is at your own risk. Biogen specifically disclaims any liability, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or special damages arising out of or in any way connected with access to or use of the website, even if Biogen has been advised of the possibility of such damages, including but not limited to reliance by any party on any content obtained through the use of the website, or that arises in connection with mistakes or omissions in, or delays in transmission of, information to or from the user, interruptions in telecommunications connections to the website or viruses, whether caused in whole or in part by negligence, acts of God, telecommunications failure, theft or destruction of, or unauthorized access to the website, or related information or programs.
Biogen does not warrant that the functions contained in this website are free of computer viruses or other harmful components. Although the content of this website is updated periodically, Biogen does not have a duty to update information contained in this website, and Biogen will not be liable for any failure to update such information. Biogen does not assume any responsibility or liability for the accuracy, completeness, reliability or usefulness of the information disclosed or accessed through this website. It is your responsibility to verify any information contained in this website before relying upon it.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
All content of this website is protected by U.S. and foreign copyright laws. You may not copy, modify, upload, download, post, transmit, republish or distribute any of the content, including without limitation the code, contained in this website without our prior written permission except for your own personal, non-commercial purposes. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, nothing contained in this website shall be construed as granting a license or other rights under any patent, trademark, copyright or other intellectual property of Biogen or any third party. Unauthorized use of any Biogen trademark, service mark or logo may be a violation of federal and state trademark laws.
LINKS
This website may contain links to websites operated by other parties. The linked sites are not under the control of Biogen, and Biogen is not responsible for the content available on any other Internet sites linked to this website. Such links do not imply Biogen’s endorsement of material on any other site and Biogen disclaims all liability with regard to your access to such linked websites. Biogen provides links to other Internet sites as a convenience to users, and access to any other Internet sites linked to this website is at your own risk.
Unless otherwise set forth in a written agreement between you and Biogen, you must adhere to Biogen’s linking policy as follows: (i) any link to this website must be a text only link clearly marked “biogen.com” or “Biogen website”; (ii) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with Biogen’s names and trademarks; (iii) the link must “point” to the home page (e.g. www.biogen.com) and not to other pages within the website; (iv) the appearance, position and other attributes of the link may not create the false appearance that your organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with or associated with Biogen; (v) when selected by a user, the link must display the website on full screen and not within a “frame” on the linking website; and (vi) Biogen reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion.
LOCATION AND GOVERNING LAW
This website is operated by Biogen from its offices in Cambridge, MA, USA. The law of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts shall govern these terms and conditions, without reference to its choice of law rules. Biogen makes no representation that the information in the website is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the Biogen website from territories where the content of the Biogen website may be illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the Biogen website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions of Use shall remain in full force and effect. Any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable. The parties further agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable provision.
VIOLATIONS AND ADDITIONAL POLICIES
Biogen reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of the rules and regulations set forth in this website, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address to the website.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions of Use, please contact the relevant individual listed in the Contact Us section of this website.
https://www.biogen.com/en_us/terms-and-conditions.html