TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF AGREEMENT
These Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms of Use”) apply to this World Wide Web site owned, operated, licensed, and controlled by Bluware Corp, including its related, affiliated, or subsidiary companies (together, “Bluware”) located at www.bluware.com, and all associated sites linked to this web site (collectively, the “Site”). This Site is the property of Bluware. Please read this page carefully. By using this Site, you agree to these Terms of Use; if you do not agree, do not use this Site.
Bluware reserves the right at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, Bluware grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
This Site, the content, any materials downloaded, and all intellectual property pertaining to or contained on the Site (including but not limited to copyrights, patents, database rights, graphics, designs, text, logos, trade dress, trademarks and service marks) are owned by Bluware or third parties and all right, title and interest therein shall remain the property of Bluware and/or such third parties (collectively, the “Content”). All Content is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
DISCLAIMERS
Bluware does not promise that the site or any content, document or feature of the site will be error-free or uninterrupted, or that any defects will be corrected or that your use of the site will provide specific results. The material in this site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The Site and its content are delivered on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. All information provided on the Site is subject to change without notice. Bluware cannot ensure that any files, documents or other data you download from the site will be free of viruses or contamination or destructive features. Bluware disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including any warranties of accuracy, non-infringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Bluware disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions and conduct of any third parties in connection with or related to your use of the site. You assume total responsibility for your use of the site and any linked sites. Your sole remedy against Bluware for dissatisfaction with the site or any content is to stop using the site or any such content. This limitation of relief is a part of the bargain between the parties.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Except where prohibited by law, neither Bluware, nor it’s directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns of each, shall be liable to you for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental or punitive damages, including lost profits, even if Bluware has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Unless otherwise expressly set forth in a written agreement with you, Bluware’s maximum liability for all claims arising out of or relating to this site, or its content, whether in contract, tort or otherwise shall be limited to the amount you paid to access this site. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.
INDEMNITY
By using the Site, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Bluware, it’s directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns of each, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal and accounting fees) that they may become obligated to pay arising or resulting from your use of this Site, the Content, or your breach of these Terms of Use. Bluware reserves the right to assume or participate, at your expense, in the investigation, settlement and defense of any such action or claim.
https://bluware.com/terms-and-conditions/