Terms and Conditions
This is the Web Site of Civica UK Limited, a company registered in England under company number 1628868, registered address is 8th Floor, Southbank Central, 30 Stamford Street, London, SE1 9LQ, England, and its associated Civica Group companies ("Civica").
The terms and conditions below and Civica’s Privacy Policy available on this Web Site ("Terms and Conditions") set out the rules governing how you may use and how Civica runs the Web Site. By accessing the Web Site you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by and comply with the Terms and Conditions.
Civica reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice by posting changes on the Web Site. It is your responsibility to familiarise yourself with the Terms and Conditions regularly to ensure that you read any changes. Your continued use of the Web Site after a change has been posted will signify your acceptance of the modified Terms and Conditions.
If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions do not use this Web Site.

1. USE OF THE WEB SITE
Civica, the Civica and Civica Digital logos, together with Civica product names referenced on the web site are trademarks of the Civica Group and may be registered , in certain jurisdictions. All other product names, company names, marks, logos, and symbols (“Third Party Logos”) may be the trademarks of third parties. All materials provided on this Web Site, including but not limited to information, documents, products, Civica Logos, Third Party Logos, logos, graphics, texts, text files, video files sounds, images, software, and services (“Materials”), are owned either by Civica or by third parties (“Third Party Providers”).
Do not use the Web Site in any way that may infringe the Intellectual Property Rights in the Materials. (“Intellectual Property Rights” means copyright and all other intellectual property rights whether or not registered including patents, trade marks, service marks, trade names, design rights, rights in any format or presentation (including its look, feel, visual or other non-literal elements), any applications for the protection or registration of these rights and all renewals and extensions of them throughout the world).
This means that none of the Materials or any part of this Web Site may be adapted, copied, extracted, reutilised, reproduced, broadcast, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted, or retransmitted in any form or by any means, including but not limited to electronically, mechanically by photocopying or by recording without the prior express written permission of Civica or the appropriate Third Party Provider.
Also, you may not reproduce or copy any part of this Web Site onto any other server without Civica’s prior express written permission.
This Web Site is designed to provide information only, and is not designed to carry out any commercial transactions.
2. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEB SITES
This Web Site may contain links to web sites controlled by parties other than Civica.
Civica is not responsible for, does not control, does not endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or appropriateness of the content of, or use of these third party web sites.
Civica cannot be held responsible for such content, or from any detrimental impact which you may suffer, or for any processing errors or viruses that may arise from access to such third party web sites.
Civica is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Civica of the linked web site.
Use of third party web sites by you is done so entirely at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of viruses or other items of a destructive nature. These Terms and Conditions do not apply to any third party web site linked to the Web Site or any other Civica web sites.
You should read and accept the terms and conditions of those web sites before using them and direct any questions or comments about the linked web site’s contents to the relevant web site provider.
3. RESTRICTION OF SOFTWARE USE
Any software that may be made available to download from this Web Site ("Software") is owned by Civica or Third Party Providers. Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement that accompanies or is included with the Software ("License Agreement"). You agree to the License Agreement terms by installing, copying, or using the Software. The Software is made available for downloading solely for use by end users according to the License Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, the copying or reproduction of the Software to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software not in accordance with the License Agreement is expressly prohibited. The Software is warranted, if at all, only according to the terms of the License Agreement. Except as may be expressly warranted in the License Agreement, Civica shall have no other liability whatsoever whether in contract, tort or otherwise as regards the quality or fitness for purpose of the Software and all other representations, conditions, warranties and terms in respect thereof whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise are excluded save to the extent that the same are not capable of exclusion at law.
4. OFFENSIVE MATERIAL
Where you are given the facility to enter information onto, or communicate via, the Web Site, you must conduct yourself in a lawful and civil manner. You agree to use the Web Site for lawful purposes only and that you may not use or allow others to use the Web Site to:
4.1 store, reproduce, transmit, communicate or knowingly receive any material which is offensive, racist, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing;
4.2 post or transmit any material that you do not have worldwide copyright ownership or full permission from the copyright owner or similar;
4.3 post, transmit or link to any sexually explicit material;
4.4 impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with anyone or any entity;
4.5 post or transmit statements that are intentionally false or misleading;
4.6 post or transmit any advertising, promotional materials or other forms of solicitation;
4.7 collect or store any personal information about an individual;
4.8 enter into personal correspondence with any individual with the purpose of offering them a service or product; or
4.9 post or transmit any material which suggests or encourages illegal activities.
Civica may remove any material submitted to the Web Site in its sole discretion, or when requested to do so by any person, that it believes infringes these Terms and Conditions or law. As a user of the Web Site you will indemnify and hold Civica harmless against all costs, claims, liability, expenses (including legal expenses) damages and losses incurred by Civica as a result of your infringement of this term whether arising under contract, tort, statute or otherwise.
5. DISCLAIMER
Except where expressly provided otherwise by Civica, the Materials on this Web Site are provided "as is", and are for non-commercial use only. Civica cannot be held responsible for any damage that results from the use of the information provided on the Web Site, and shall have no liability whatsoever whether in contract, tort or otherwise as regards the quality or fitness for purpose of the Materials or any Software, the accuracy, completeness, or truth of any of the information contained in the Web Site or for any reliance placed by any person on the information in the Web Site, and all other representations, guaranties, conditions, warranties and terms in respect thereof whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise are hereby excluded save to the extent that the same are not capable of exclusion at law.
6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Civica shall not be liable for any damages suffered as a result of using, modifying, contributing, printing, copying, distributing, or downloading the Materials. You have sole responsibility for the adequate protection and backup of data and/or equipment used in connection with the Web Site and you will not make a claim against Civica for lost data, re-run time, inaccurate output, work delays, or lost profits resulting from the use of the materials. Save in respect of death, personal injury or fraud, Civica shall not be liable to you for any of the following (whether or not you were advised of, or knew of, the possibility of such losses) whether arising from any claim under any tort including negligence, for breach of contract, for misrepresentation (other than fraudulent misrepresentation), intellectual property infringement, under any statute or otherwise arising out of or in connection with the use of the Web Site including without limitation:
6.1 any indirect, special or consequential losses;
6.2 any loss of business, data, profits, revenue, goodwill, use, or anticipated savings;
6.3 any damage suffered by you as a result of an action brought by a third party arising from any use, or inability to use, any Material; or
6.4 loss or damage to you, or any third party’s, data or records.
7. LOCAL LAWS
Civica controls and operates this Web Site from its headquarters in the UK on behalf of the group of companies and makes no representation that these Materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations although it takes reasonable steps to ensure it is appropriate for countries in which Civica has a legal presence. Our Privacy Policy contains further information relating to this if you use this Web Site from locations outside the UK you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws including but not limited to the export and import regulations of other countries.
Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all marketing or promotional materials found on this Web Site are solely directed to individuals, companies or other entities located in the UK.
You acknowledge and agree that the use of this Web Site and the use of the Materials is subject to English laws and regulations.
Disputes arising in relation to the same shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
8. GENERAL
This Web Site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors and Civica do not give any warranty that the Web Site will be available at all times or will be free from interruption or error. Civica and the Third Party Providers may make improvements and/or changes in the products, services, programs, and prices described in this Web Site at any time without notice. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms and Conditions are reserved by Civica.
All communications regarding this Web Site should be addressed to marketing@civica.co.uk
https://www.civica.com/en-us/policies-and-statements/terms--conditions/