Welcome to Creative Spark
These terms and conditions (Conditions) apply in respect of all work undertaken by Creative Spark.
Version 1.1 26/02/2015
1. Interpretation
1.1. The definitions and interpretation set out in this condition 1 apply to the Contract:
1.1.1. Contract: the agreement made between Creative Spark and the Client as set out in these Conditions;
1.1.2. Client: the person, firm or company referred to in the Quotation who purchases Services;
1.1.3. Client Material: all Documents, information and materials provided by the Client relating to the Services including (without limitation), computer programs, information, materials, copy, data, reports and specifications;
1.1.4. Creative Spark: Creative Spark Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 6665893 and whose trading office is at Swan Buildings, 20 Swan Street, Manchester, M4 5JW;
1.1.5. Deliverables: all Documents, products, digital content and/or materials in any form, including computer programs, data, reports and specifications (developed by Creative Spark or its agents or subcontractors) and delivered in relation to the Services;
1.1.6. Digital Marketing Services: The Services as further described at condition 9 below;
1.1.7. Document: includes, without limitation, in addition to any document in writing, any drawing, plan, diagram, design, picture or other image, proof, disk or other device or record embodying information in any form;
1.1.8. Intellectual Property Rights: all patents, rights to inventions, utility models, copyright and related rights, trade marks, service marks, trade, business and domain names, rights in trade dress or get-­up, rights in goodwill or to sue for passing off, unfair competition rights, rights in designs, rights in computer software, database right, topography rights, moral rights, rights in confidential information (including know­ how and trade secrets) and any other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications for and renewals or extensions of such rights, and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world;
1.1.9. Pre­-existing Materials: all Documents, information and materials provided by Creative Spark relating to the Services which existed prior to the commencement of the Contract including computer programs, data, reports and specifications;
1.1.10. Quotation: The cost for services provided by Creative Spark to the Client;
1.1.11. Services: the services provided by Creative Spark under the Contract as set out in the Quotation, together with any other services which Creative Spark provides, or agrees to provide, to the Client;
1.2. These Conditions shall prevail over any Client terms of business offered by or on behalf of the Client, or implied by law, trade custom, practice or course of dealing. The Client’s standard terms and conditions (if any) shall be deemed to be expressly rejected by Creative Spark.
2. Formation of the Contract
2.1. The acceptance of a Quotation for Services by Creative Spark constitutes an offer by the Client to purchase the Services specified in it on these Conditions. The Client will be deemed to have accepted a Quotation when it either signs the Quotation or otherwise communicates to Creative Spark that it has accepted the Quotation. The Contract is deemed to commence on the earlier of:
2.1.1. a written acknowledgement issued and executed by Creative Spark; or
2.1.2. by Creative Spark starting to provide the Services.
2.2. Any Quotation is valid for a period of fourteen (14) days from its date, provided that Creative Spark has not previously withdrawn it in writing.
The Client acknowledges that it enters into the Contract in the course of its business and not as a consumer.
3. Commencement of the Services
3.1. The Services shall be provided by Creative Spark to the Client from the date agreed by the parties or if earlier the date referred to at condition 2.1.2.
4. Creative Spark’s Obligations
4.1. Creative Spark shall use reasonable endeavours to provide the Services, and to deliver the Deliverables to the Client, in accordance with the Quotation.
4.2. Creative Spark shall use reasonable endeavours to meet any performance dates specified in the Quotation, but any such dates shall be estimates only and time shall not be of the essence for performance of the Services.
5 Client’s Obligations
5.1. The Client shall:
5.1.1. co­-operate with Creative Spark in all matters relating to the Services;
5.1.2. provide to Creative Spark, in a timely manner, such Client Material and other information as Creative Spark may reasonably require and ensure that such information is accurate in all material respects;
5.1.3. ensure that all Client Material is owned by the Client, or, if not, ensure that the Client has permission from the legal owner to enable Creative Spark to legitimately use the Client material in the provision of the Services;
5.2. The Client acknowledges that the late supply of Client Material may have an impact on Creative Spark’s ability to deliver the Services. If Creative Spark’s performance of its obligations under the Contract is prevented or delayed by any act or omission of the Client, its agents, subcontractors, consultants or employees, Creative Spark shall not be liable for any costs, charges or losses sustained or incurred by the Client arising directly or indirectly from such prevention or delay.
5.3. The Client shall indemnify Creative Spark, from and against, all costs, charges or losses sustained or incurred by Creative Spark arising directly or indirectly from the Client’s fraud, negligence, failure to perform or delay in the performance of any of its obligations under the Contract, subject to Creative Spark confirming such costs, charges and losses to the Client in writing.
5.4. The Client shall indemnify Creative Spark against all losses, costs or charges it may incur arising as a result of any action, claim or threatened claim (as applicable) that Creative Spark’s use of the Client Material in accordance with the Contract constitutes an infringement of the intellectual property rights of a third party .
5.5. The Client shall not, without the prior written consent of Creative Spark, at any time from the date of the Contract to the expiry of 6 (six) months after the last date of supply of the Services, solicit or entice away from Creative Spark or employ (or attempt to employ) any person who is, or has been, engaged as an employee, consultant or subcontractor of Creative Spark in the provision of the Services.
5.6. [Any consent given by Creative Spark in accordance with condition 5.5 shall be subject to the Client paying to Creative Spark a sum equivalent to 20% (twenty percent) of the then current annual remuneration of Creative Spark’s employee, consultant or subcontractor or, if higher, twenty per cent (20%) of the annual remuneration to be paid by the Client to that employee, consultant or subcontractor.]
6. Charges And Payment
6.1. In consideration of the provision of the Services by Creative Spark, the Client shall pay the charges as set out in the Quotation.
6.2. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Creative Spark and subject to condition 7.2 (where applicable), fifty per cent (50%) of the total price for the Services must be paid to Creative Spark prior to Creative Spark commencing the Services and fifty per cent (50%) of the total charges shall be paid by the Client to Creative Spark (without deduction or set­-off) upon delivery following completion of the Services.
6.3. All invoices are payable on receipt of the invoice by the Client as payments dictate progression of the project at specific milestones. If invoices are not paid with immediate effect, Creative Spark has the right to desist working on the project until payment is made. Any other payment terms agreed between the Client and Creative Spark must be confirmed in writing by Creative Spark.
6.4. All charges quoted to the Client shall be exclusive of VAT, which Creative Spark shall add to its invoices at the appropriate rate;
6.5. Unless otherwise stated in writing any price and daily rate contained in the Quotation excludes:
6.5.1. the cost of hotel, subsistence, travelling and any other ancillary expenses reasonably incurred in connection with the Services, and the cost of any materials or disbursements. Such expenses, materials or disbursements shall be invoiced to the Client at cost; and
6.5.2. VAT, which Creative Spark shall add to its invoices at the appropriate rate.
6.6. All additional work requested by the Client, which is requested following commencement of the Services and which is outside the scope of the Quotation (including any services necessarily procured in order to carry out the Services) shall be regarded as additional to the cost given in the Quotation and will be invoiced separately at the rates contained in the then current Creative Spark rate card.
6.7. All charges listed in Quotations are estimates and are subject to final confirmation of technical specification.
6.8. The Client shall be entitled to request up to two (2) amendments to the design work/artwork supplied for approval. Any amendments requested by the Client in addition to the two (2) permitted amendments will be deemed to be additional work and will be charged at Creative Spark’s standard hourly fee rates.
6.9. If the Client believes that the design work does not conform to the description then it shall notify Creative Spark within three (3) days of receiving the same. If no notification is received then the design work shall be deemed accepted and to conform to the description of the Services in every respect. For the purposes of this condition 6.9 Creative Spark’s liability for defects in the Deliverables shall be limited to the replacement of the Deliverables at no additional cost to the Client. Provided always that such defect is notified to Creative Spark in accordance with this condition 6.90 and the Deliverables have been returned to Creative Spark for inspection.
6.10. Once the Client has approved the Deliverables all further design work requested by the Client will be charged in accordance with the current rate card of Creative Spark.
6.11. The parties agree that Creative Spark may review and increase its standard hourly fee rates at any time, provided that such charges cannot be increased more than once in any 12 (twelve) month period. Creative Spark will provide the Client with written notice of any such increase one (1) month before the proposed date of the increase. If such increase is not acceptable to the Client, it may, within two (2) weeks of such notice being received or deemed to have been received in accordance with this condition 6.11, terminate the Contract by giving three (3) months written notice to Creative Spark.
6.12. Without prejudice to any other right or remedy that it may have, if the Client fails to pay Creative Spark on the Due Date, Creative Spark may:
6.12.1. charge interest on such sum under the Late Payment of Commercial Debts (Interest) Act 1998; from the Due Date , accruing on a daily basis and being compounded quarterly until payment is made, whether before or after any judgment and the Client shall pay the interest immediately on demand; and
6.12.2. suspend all Services until payment has been made in full.
6.13. Time for payment shall be of the essence of the Contract.
6.14. All sums payable to Creative Spark under the Contract shall become due immediately on its termination. This condition 6.14 is without prejudice to any right to claim for interest.
6.15. Creative Spark may, without prejudice to any other rights it may have, set off any liability of the Client to Creative Spark against any liability of Creative Spark to the Client.
7. Website Design and Development
7.1. Where requested by the Client, Creative Spark will design and build a website or develop the Client’s website based on the brief agreed between the Client and Creative Spark.
7.2. Payment for the Services shall be made in accordance with condition 6 above. The balance of Creative Spark’s charges must be paid prior to the website going live. If any charges are not paid on or before the date for payment, Creative Spark may suspend the provision of the Services and Creative Spark will not upload the website to the Client’s server or supply the website files to the Client for use on any third party hosting server.
7.3. Once Creative Spark has been paid in full for its website design and development services, Creative Spark will provide a version of the Client’s website to the Client for the Client’s review and approval. If the Client believes that the website design and/or development does not conform to the brief then it shall notify Creative Spark within 3 (three) days of receiving the version of the website. If no notification is received within 3 (three) days of receiving the final version of the website then the website shall be deemed accepted and to conform to the description of the Services in every respect. Once approval has been given by any means, which can include by email or verbally, Creative Spark will release the website to the Client. On approval, Creative Spark will have no liability for any errors or downtime due to changes being made to the website by the Client or any third parties.
7.4. Creative Spark reserves the right to refuse to handle any material that it considers to be offensive, illegal or controversial.
7.5. Unless agreed otherwise, the Client agrees that Creative Spark shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know how or techniques used in the construction of the Client’s website for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products and any other items incorporating such information.
8. Website Hosting And Maintenance Services
8.1. Where requested by the Client, Creative Spark will procure website hosting and maintenance services. Creative Spark will use reasonable endeavours to provide a reliable and professional service.
8.2. Payment for hosting and maintenance must be paid in advance unless agreed otherwise, in which case, the Client must set up a standing order or direct debit to pay Creative Spark’s charges on a monthly basis. Creative Spark reserves the right to deactivate the Client’s website where the hosting and/or maintenance fees are not paid on time. Creative Spark may charge an administration fee, currently £87 (eighty seven pounds) for reactivating the Client’s website.
8.3. Creative Spark cannot guarantee that website hosting will be available to the Client at all times, especially in the event of a failure beyond Creative Spark’s control.
8.4. For the purpose of maintenance services, website hosting may have to be suspended for short periods of time. Creative Spark will endeavour to notify the Client of any such periods in advance.
8.5. As Creative Spark engage a third party for website hosting and maintenance, Creative Spark will have no liability in respect of these services. Any issue or claim in relation to hosting should be made by the Client to the hosting company, details of which shall be provided to the Client by Creative Spark.
9. Digital Marketing, Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) and Pay Per Click (PPC) Services
9.1. Creative Spark will provide the Digital Marketing Services detailed in the Quotation. Such services shall include only initial SEO and PPC set­-up and no ongoing SEO or PPC services shall be provided.
9.2. Creative Spark will use reasonable endeavours to improve the position of the Client’s search engine results, but, do not guarantee any specific placement or higher placement on search engine results.
9.3. Creative Spark will have no liability for any changes in position of the Client’s website on search engine results and the Client acknowledges that Creative Spark has no control over the policies of search engines with respect to the type of website and/or content that they accept or the way in which websites are ranked either now or in the future.
9.4. Where Creative Spark recommends that the Client takes certain technical actions in order to allow Creative Spark to provide the services detailed in this condition 9 then the Client agrees to implement such recommendations. Where the Client fails to do so it acknowledges that Creative Spark will not be liable for failing to perform such services.
10. Intellectual Property Rights
10.1. Save where agreed otherwise in writing (for example, where Creative Spark agree to licence the design and code of a website to the Client for an annual fee), all Intellectual Property Rights and all other rights in the Deliverables and the Pre­-existing Materials (excluding any Client Material) shall be owned by Creative Spark.
10.2. Subject to condition 10.4, Creative Spark licenses all such rights referred to in condition 10.1 to the Client free of charge and on a nonexclusive, worldwide basis to such extent as is necessary to enable the Client to make use of the website, the Deliverables and the Services. This licence is terminated with immediate effect as soon as any invoice becomes overdue. In the event that the Client wishes to use the Deliverables and/or any of the Intellectual Property Rights for purposes outside of the scope of the Contract, [as set out in the Quotation] prior to any such use the Client shall obtain the prior written agreement of Creative Spark on commercial terms to be agreed.
10.3. The Client grants Creative Spark a licence to the Client Material in order to provide the Services.
10.4. The Client acknowledges that where Creative Spark does not own the Pre-­existing Materials, the Client’s use of rights in Pre-­existing Materials is conditional on Creative Spark obtaining a written licence from the relevant licensor.
10.5. The Client acknowledges that it is not the obligation of Creative Spark to search for registered trademarks or to contact the Intellectual Property Office on behalf of the Client unless specifically requested by the Client, agreed by Creative Spark within the contract and on confirmation of the quotation.
11. Limitation Of Liability
11.1. This condition 11 sets out the entire financial liability of Creative Spark (including any liability for the acts or omissions of its employees, agents, consultants, and subcontractors) to the Client in respect of: any breach of the Contract;
11.1.1. any use made by the Client of the Services, the Deliverables or any part of them; and
11.1.2. any representation, statement or tortious act or omission (including negligence) arising under or in connection with the Contract.
11.2. All warranties, conditions and other terms implied by statute or common law are, to the fullest extent permitted by law, excluded from the Contract.
11.3. Nothing in these Conditions limits or excludes the liability of Creative Spark:
11.3.1. for death or personal injury resulting from negligence; or
11.3.2. for any damage or liability incurred by the Client as a result of fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation by Creative Spark.
11.4.1 Subject to condition 11.2 and condition 11.3 Creative Spark shall not be liable for loss of business; or loss of goods; or loss of contract; or loss of use, for example, including but not limited to the Client’s website being unavailable; or loss of corruption of data or information; or any special, indirect, consequential or pure economic loss, costs, damages, charges or expenses.
11.4.2 Creative Spark’s total liability in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), misrepresentation, restitution or otherwise arising in connection with the performance, or contemplated performance, of the Contract shall be limited to an amount equal to the charges paid for the Services in the twelve months immediately preceding the event which gave rise to the claim.
12. Data Protection
12.1. The Client agrees to comply with its obligations as a data controller under the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998. The Client acknowledges and agrees Creative Spark will be a data processor for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998.
13. Termination
13.1. Either party may terminate the Contract without liability to the other on giving the other no less than 4 weeks written notice to the other party (with the exception of hosting contracts which require no less than 13 weeks notice):
13.2. Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies which the parties may have either party may terminate the Contract immediately upon written notice in the event that:
13.2.1. the other party commits a material breach of any of the terms of the Contract and (if such a breach is remediable) fails to remedy that breach within 14 (fourteen) days of that party being notified in writing of the breach; or
13.2.2. the other party repeatedly breaches any of the terms of the Contract in such a manner as to reasonably justify the opinion that its conduct is inconsistent with it having the intention or ability to give effect to the terms of the Contract; or
13.2.3. the other party suspends, or threatens to suspend, payment of its debts or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due or admits inability to pay its debts or (being a company) is deemed unable to pay its debts within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or (being a natural person) is deemed either unable to pay its debts or as having no reasonable prospect of so doing, in either case, within the meaning of section 268 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or (being a partnership) has any partner to whom any of the foregoing apply; or
13.2.4. the other party commences negotiations with all or any class of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its debts, or makes a proposal for or enters into any compromise or arrangement with its creditors other than for the sole purpose of a scheme for a solvent amalgamation of that other party with one or more other companies or the solvent reconstruction of that other party; or
13.2.5. a petition is filed, a notice is given, a resolution is passed, or an order is made, for or on connection with the winding up of that other party other than for the sole purpose of a scheme for a solvent amalgamation of that other party with one or more other companies or the solvent reconstruction of that other party;
https://creativespark.co.uk/terms-conditions/