Important: Please read these terms and conditions before entering the # SpookSRK contest to be conducted by Red Chillies Entertainment. By participating in the Contest, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and represent that you satisfy all of the eligibility requirements set out herein below.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ENTRY
1. Eligibility: An entry to Contest is open to persons who are residents of India, who are 18 (eighteen) years of age or above as on as on the date of entry and who have a valid social media account. The Participant represents and warrants that s/he does not have any criminal convictions or criminal record and has not undertaken any past act or conduct which could affect the reputation of the Contest or Red Chillies. Entry to participate in the Contest is by sending in your entries in a manner as instructed here and set out herein.
2. Participation: Entrants can submit their entries to teamdigital@redchillies.com . There is no fee payable to the Entrants in respect of their involvement in the Contest. Directors, officers and employees of Red Chillies, or any of their respective affiliate companies, subsidiaries, agents, professional advisors, advertising and promotional agencies, sponsors of the Contest, associate vendors and immediate families of each are not eligible to enter the Contest. All applicable central, state and local laws and regulations apply. Offer/Contest void where prohibited.
3. Contest Period: The Contest is active and is valid till 18th May, 2020.
4. Winners: Out of all the entries to the Contest during the Contest Period, minimum three winners shall be selected at the end of the Contest Period. The Winners shall be eligible to be part of a video call from Shah Rukh Khan, Patrick Graham, Viineet Kumar, Aahana Kumra and Gaurav Verma, on the terms as may be set out in the notification sent to the Winners (“prize(s)”). Winners shall be required to furnish such information as required for the purpose of verification of identity and availing of the gratification. If any winner is found to be below 18 (eighteen) years of age or a non-resident of India as on the date of entry, he/she shall be disqualified.
5. Winner Selection. The winner selection for the Contest shall take place at the registered address of Red Chillies Entertainment Private Limited . The judges will be Patrick Graham, Viineet Kumar, Aahana Kumra and Gaurav Verma, who will judge the entries basis the concept, creativity, execution uniqueness and validity of the entries of entrants as determined in their sole discretion. Further, the entries should be (i) original, authored/owned by the participant(s) alone in his/her individual capacity and (ii) does not infringe and/or violate any intellectual property of third party and/or privacy/personality rights; (iii) Has not prior to the submission of the Content, be pitched or shared or presented to any third party including but not limited to any persons, broadcasters, production houses, media companies; (iv) in good taste and not be unlawful, misleading, discriminatory, fraudulent, profane, obscene, vulgar, libellous, blasphemous, derogatory, defamatory, insulting, annoying, hurting religious sentiments, national sentiments, immoral, abusive, offensive, insensitive to any person/ occupation/religious sections/gender/age group/sections of the society, in violation of any applicable laws and/or in any manner infringes the intellectual property rights including copyright rights of third party(ies) and /or their privacy rights.
The judges' decision shall be final and binding and no correspondence shall be entered into about the Contest or the judges' decision(s). It is hereby clarified that the information provided by the entrants on entering the Contest is required to be true and correct and needs to be submitted within the timelines as set out on the Contest Webpage. In the event, the information provided by the entrant is found to be untrue or false, the judges shall have all rights to reject the entry, at their sole discretion.
6. Contest Rules. The Winners shall be notified by a message on the respective Email Id. To claim the gratification, Winners should follow the instructions contained in their email.
7. Entrants Information. At your option, you hereby authorize and consent to the use of your personal or sensitive personal information (“Data”) by Red Chillies including its affiliates, agents, advisors or subcontractors (“Authorized Entities”), for such lawful purposes as may be deemed necessary including for, distribution of any gratification to the Winners, if applicable, pursuant to these Terms and Conditions. You understand and acknowledge that (i) the Data is your personal or sensitive personal information as understood within the meaning of the applicable laws; (ii) you have voluntarily and at your option, agreed to provide the Data to the Authorized Entities for such lawful purposes as may be deemed necessary pursuant to these Terms and Conditions; and (iii) the Data shall or may be transferred by the Authorized Entities including its affiliates, agents or subcontractors, for such lawful purposes as may be deemed necessary pursuant to these Terms and Conditions. The use of the Data by Red Chillies shall be governed by the provisions of the privacy policy as applicable to Indian residents, available at http://www.redchillies.com/ . You agree and accept to be bound by the terms thereof.
10. Disclaimer. Red Chillies, Twitter, Inc. (“Twitter”), teamdigital@redchillies.com or any of their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, professional advisors, employees and agencies shall not be responsible for: (a) any late, lost, misrouted, garbled or distorted or damaged transmissions or entries; (b) telephone, electronic, hardware, software, network, Internet, or other computer- or communications-related malfunctions or failures; (c) any Contest disruptions, injuries, losses or damages caused by events beyond the control of Red Chillies; or (d) any printing or typographical errors in any materials associated with the Contest. You understand this Contest is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Google or Twitter.
11. Red Chillies Ownership of Entries. All entries and materials submitted to Red Chillies in connection with the Contest (collectively, “Entry Materials”), along with all copyright, trademark and other proprietary rights associated therewith, become the property of Red Chillies upon submission, and Entry Materials shall not be returned to any entrant. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you acknowledge that Red Chillies shall own all rights to use, modify, reproduce, publish, perform, display, distribute, make derivative works of and otherwise commercially and non-commercially exploit the Entry Materials in perpetuity and throughout the universe, in any manner or medium now existing, without separate compensation to you or any other person or entity. You agree to take, at Red Chillies’s expense, any further action (including, without limitation, execution of affidavits and other documents) reasonably requested by Red Chillies to effect, perfect or confirm Red Chillies 's ownership rights as set forth above in this Paragraph 11.
12. General Release. By entering the Contest, you indemnify Red Chillies, Twitter, teamdigital@redchillies.com and any of their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agencies (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) from any liability whatsoever, and waive any and all causes of action, related to any claims, costs, injuries, losses, or damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the Contest or delivery, mis-delivery, acceptance, possession, use of or inability to use any gratification (including, without limitation, claims, costs, injuries, losses and damages related to personal injuries, death, damage to or destruction of property, rights of publicity or privacy, defamation or portrayal in a false light, whether intentional or unintentional), whether under a theory of contract, tort (including negligence), warranty or other theory.
13. Use of Winner's Name, Likeness, etc. Except where prohibited by law, entry into the Contest constitutes permission to use Winners’ name, address, likeness and/or gratification information, without limitation, for promotional purposes without further permission or compensation. As a condition of being awarded any gratification, except where prohibited by law, winners may be required to execute consent to the use of their name, address, likeness and/or gratification information, without limitation, for promotional purposes without further permission or compensation.
14. Affidavit and Release. As a condition of being awarded any gratification, the Winners may be required to execute and deliver to Red Chillies a signed affidavit of eligibility and acceptance of these Terms and Conditions and release of liability.
15. Termination/Suspension. Red Chillies has the sole right to suspend, postpone, cease, close or terminate this Contest at any given point of time at its sole option and discretion.
16. Copyright Notice. The Contest and all accompanying materials are copyrighted by Red Chillies. All rights reserved.
17. Miscellaneous. Entrants agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and by the decisions of Red Chillies, which are final and binding in all respects. Red Chillies reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time, in its sole discretion, and to suspend or cancel the Contest or any entrant's participation in the Contest should viruses, bugs, unauthorized human intervention or other causes beyond Red Chillies’s control affect the administration, security or proper play of the Contest or Red Chillies otherwise becomes (as determined in its sole discretion) incapable of running the Contest as planned. Entrants who violate these Terms and Conditions, tamper with the operation of the Contest or engage in any conduct that is detrimental or unfair to Red Chillies, the Contest or any other entrant (in each case as determined in Red Chillies Entertainment’s sole discretion) are subject to disqualification from entry into the Contest. Red Chillies reserves the right to lock out persons whose eligibility is in question or who have been disqualified or are otherwise ineligible to enter the Contest.
18. Dispute Resolution. These Terms and Conditions (and any dispute, difference, proceedings or claim of whatever nature arising out of or in connection with these Terms and Conditions) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of India and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Mumbai. None of the above paragraphs limits any other.
https://m.facebook.com/notes/red-chillies-entertainment/terms-conditions-for-spooksrk-contest/3142233439174872/