Terms and Conditions to participate:
1. No purchase necessary to participate.
2. Participation is limited to legal U.S. residents who reside within WTTV’s (the “Station”) viewing area and who are at least 18 years of age at the time of submission.
3. Eligible participants, acting as nominators, will submit a photo of a graduating senior – a minimum of 16 years of age – from a local high school within the Station’s viewing area. Photo submissions must comply with the Photo Restrictions detailed below
4. Participant acknowledges and agrees that all photo submissions become the property of the Station and will not be returned or acknowledged.
5. If the graduating senior, the subject of the photo submission, is under the age of 18 years old at the time of submission, the submission must be undertaken by that graduating senior’s parent or legal guardian.
6. Photo submissions, after a vetting process by the Station, will be available for public view on the Station’s website.
7. The Station, at its sole discretion, may broadcast the photo submission on the air at any point after submission and verification.
Photo Restrictions:
Photos submitted by the participants may not contain any content that:
a. is obscene, offensive, sexually explicit or suggestive; violent; derogatory of any ethnic, racial, gender, religious, professional or age group; endorses any form of hate or hate group; profane or pornographic; contains nudity;
b. promotes alcohol, illegal drugs, tobacco, firearms/weapons (or the use of any of the foregoing); promotes any activities that may appear unsafe or dangerous; promotes any particular political agenda or message;
c. contains products or trademarks of any Sponsor competitor;
d. defames, misrepresents or contains disparaging remarks about any person or company;
e. contains trademarks, logos, or trade dress (such as distinctive packaging or building exteriors/interiors) owned by others, without permission, to the extent permission is necessary; contains any personal identification, such as license plate numbers, personal names, e-mail addresses or street addresses;
f. contains copyrighted materials owned by others (including, without limitation, photographs, sculptures, paintings, and other works of art or images published on or in websites, television, movies or other media), without permission, to the extent permission is necessary
g. contains materials embodying the names, likenesses, voices, or other indicia identifying any person, including, without limitation, celebrities and/or other public or private figures, living or dead, without permission, to the extent permission is necessary;
h. contains look-alikes of celebrities or other public or private figures, living or dead;
i. communicates messages or images inconsistent with the positive images and/or good will to which Sponsor wishes to associate; and/or
j. violates any law or regulation.
In connection with a participant’s submission, the participant affirms, represents, and/or warrants that:
(i) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents and permissions to use and authorize the Sponsors to use all copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights in and to such submission to enable inclusion and use of the submission in the manner contemplated by these Terms and Conditions; and
(ii) if applicable, participant has the written consent, release and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the submission to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the submission in the matter contemplated by these Terms and Conditions.
The Station reserves the right to reject and disqualify any submissions that do not comply with these Terms and Conditions.
Station reserves the right to request proof of these permissions in a form acceptable to the Station from any participant at any time. Failure to provide such proof will disqualify the photo submission.
https://fox59.com/contests/terms-and-conditions-celebrating-the-class-of-2020-photo-submission/