Gradintelligence website users general terms & conditions
Our Terms and Conditions contain legal obligations and govern your use of the Gradintelligence services. Please read them carefully.
Gradintelligence is a website ("Site") which is owned, designed and operated by Olivedon Limited, a company registered in England. Company registration number: 6125090, Address: The Catalyst, Baird Lane, Heslington, York, YO10 5GA.
Intellectual Property Rights
The intellectual property rights belong to Olivedon, our partners and licensors. You are granted a licence to use our service but all other uses and applications are reserved.
Olivedon is the owner and/or authorised user of any trademarks, registered trademarks and service marks used or appearing within the Site, and Olivedon is the copyright and database rights owner of the content and/or information available on, or downloaded through, the Site.
Olivedon does not grant any licence or other authorisation to any user of its trademarks, registered trademarks, service marks, or other copyright works or other intellectual property, by placing them on the Site.
Disclaimer
We do not warrant that information on our Site is complete or that it is up to date, error free, free from viruses or other defects.
We do not provide warranties of any kind, either express or implied, as to the correctness, reliability or accuracy of information supplied and the fitness of this Site and your use of it.
Olivedon is also not liable for any loss or damage caused by your use or misuse of the Site.
Indemnity
You indemnify us from any costs, expenses, claims, losses, liabilities or proceedings including legal costs made by any third party, arising out of the use of the Site and any violation of these terms or any other rules and guidance published by Olivedon.
Further user type specific terms and conditions apply upon registration for activation of, or access to, our services. See links below for details:
You should also read our Privacy Policy, which forms an integral part of these Terms.
https://gradintel.com/index.php/en/terms-and-conditions