Online Purchases
This site is a place where users meet and interact with each other for making a purchase or carrying out sale. Amarawati plays the role of a facilitator for fulfilling contractual or commercial terms that are agreed between sellers and buyers.
The contractual or commercial terms include the medium of delivery, period, date, shipment costs, price and warranties related to services and products. The contractual terms also cover after sales services. The seller may change terms of after sales services in future.
The agreement made between you and Amarawati Tea is subjected to the following terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions surpass all previous understandings, representations or agreements. The terms will remain into effect despite submission of other orders that have different terms and conditions. You are bound to follow the terms and conditions when you use the shopping services of the company.
The user should disclose that he or she has reached 18 years-of-age. The user should have the consent of a legal guardian or parent before using the site.
If a user has accepted to buy any service or product from the company, he or she should complete the transaction. If a user is not interested in buying the product or service, he or she should not accept the purchase terms.
Prices stated are in Indian currency.
The company is not liable for breach or non-performance of any contract that has been made between the users. Amarawati Tea will not provide warranty for marketability, worthiness, quality, etc of services or products that have been offered for sale on the website.
If the company finds that a user has placed an order for a product with incorrect price, then the order is subjected to cancellation. The order processing may be canceled after payment is made or the order is confirmed. If the payment has been processed, the amount will be credited to your bank account. The company will notify you regarding this development through email.
When you are entering into an agreement with another user of the site, you are suggested to check his or her credentials. Amarawati Tea cannot be held accountable for any omissions or errors committed by its third parties or sellers.
When a transaction takes place between a seller and a buyer, Amarawati Tea will not take services or products into possession. The company will not hold any claims, rights or title when a seller offers products or services to a buyer. The company will not take the responsibility of resolving disputes that may surface between a buyer and a seller.
Amarawati Tea cannot be held accountable for delayed or unsatisfactory performance or non-delivery of products or services. The company cannot be held responsible if the product ordered is out of stock or has been damaged during transit.
Offers are made based on the supply and time. The vendor is responsible for dispatching the product to the buyer. After the order is placed on the website, requests for the cancelation of the order will not be entertained.
When you have chosen to pay by credit card, ensure that the card belongs to you. The company will not be responsible in case any untoward incident takes place with a credit card. The responsibility of using credit card lies with the user. The responsibility to prove oneself free of guilt lies with the user.
The time of delivery starts after the receipt of the payment is confirmed by the company. The vendor mentions the delivery time of the product in approximate.
The company will not be responsible for non-delivery or any delay of purchased goods due to wars, fire, flood or other natural calamities.
If a user has made mistake while providing contact details and it has resulted into non-delivery of product, then he or she will be charged an extra fee for re-delivering the product.
Currently, the services of Amarawati Shopping are provided free of cost. However, the company may levy a fee on such facilities in future.
Amarawati Tea only plays the role of a booking agent for facilitating or integrating transactions between sellers and purchasers through various platforms. The company will not be responsible for replacement, damages, losses, quality or taxes levied by the seller. In no circumstances the officials, employees, representatives and directors of Amarawati Tea will be held accountable for the damages incurred to the product sold through its different platforms.
The user should agree to use the services offered by Amarawati Tea and its consultants, affiliates and contacted companies for lawful purposes only.
The company cannot be held accountable for any damage suffered by users while services provided on the website. This without limitation includes loss of data or revenue resulting from delays, missed deliveries, non-deliveries or omission made by the vendor. The repudiation of liability also applies to any injury or damages caused by any error, interruption, omission, defect, deletion, delay in transmission or operation, failure of the communication line, computer virus, unauthorized access or destruction or theft, tortuous behavior, breach of contract, negligence or failure of performance.
The user needs to furnish true and authentic information to the company. The company reserves the right for confirming and validating the information and other details at any point of time submitted by the user. If the company finds that the information provided by the user is not true, then the company can cancel the registration of the user and prevent him or her from using the services listed on the website.
After the receipt of the consignment, if a user finds that it has been delivered partly, then the matter has to be brought to the notice of the company within ten days.
Delivery of order is carried out as per the address furnished by the user.
A user is not allowed to cancel a request.
Amarawati Gift Certificate issued by Amarawati Tea will be delivered to the email address, which is mentioned in the billing address.
Amarawati Tea reserves the right for canceling any order that has been placed by using credit card bearing international billing address.
For reporting defects within the warranty period, the buyer has to communicate with the service center of the manufacturer. Amarawati Tea cannot be held accountable for any refund claim.
Amarawati Tea may levy octroi charges on some products that are listed on the website. The customer has to bear these charges and in no circumstances, these charges will be refunded. If the order is canceled, then also these charges will not be refunded.
While acting as a merchant, Amarawati Tea cannot be held responsible regarding damage or loss that arises indirectly or directly due to the decline of authorization for a transaction. Authorization can be stopped if the value of the order exceeds the credit limit.
https://www.halmaritea.com/terms-conditions/