Interpretation
In these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
i “Lalamove” means Lalamove India Pvt Ltd., a company incorporated in India with its registered office at Unit No. 1B-63, 64 & 65 on First Floor of Phoenix Paragon Plaza, Phoenix Market City, L.B.S. Marg, Kurla (W), Mumbai, 400070.
ii “Participating vehicles” means vehicles which have agreed with Lalamove to accept bookings from you through the Services;
iii“Services” means the services as set out in paragraph 3(1);
iv “Software” means the Lalamove program to which these Terms and Conditions are related;
v “Terms and Conditions” means these terms and conditions as amended from time to time pursuant to paragraph 8.1.
vi “Advertisement” means the promotion messages appear on your mobile device during the operation of the Software.
These Terms and Conditions set out the entire agreement and understanding between Lalamove and you on the use of the Software and the Services. Words denoting the singular number only shall include the plural and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter and vice versa. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to any paragraph is to the paragraph of these Terms and Conditions.
2.Licence of the Software
You are permitted to install a copy of the Software on your mobile device for your use provided that you shall not use the Software or the Services for any commercial purposes. You are not permitted to rent, lease, sublicense, distribute or transfer copies of the Software or the license for the use of the Software to any third parties. You shall not modify, adapt, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, translate the Software or create derivative works based on the Software. You shall not interrupt the normal operation of the Software, or use any methods to export or modify the source code of the Software. You shall not upload or send out any kind of computer viruses, worms, trojans, or malicious code. You shall not install and/or execute the Software on any device other than the mobile device running the operating systems approved by Lalamove. Other than the license to use the Software granted in paragraph 2(1), no other license or right is hereby granted to you and the ownership of the Software and all other rights are hereby expressly reserved by Lalamove and its suppliers.
3.Services
The Services provided by Lalamove are to distribute your details and details of your proposed journey by vehicles submitted to Lalamove through the Software to participating vehicles for their acceptance and to provide you with other information on the relevant Participating vehicles, the journey and on your use of the Services. You agree and acknowledge that Lalamove is not your agent or the agent of Participating vehicles and is not a party to the contract for the hiring of the Participating vehicles. You shall safeguard any login name and password Lalamove may provide to you in relation to the Software and the Services and shall not disclose them to third parties; and Lalamove shall assume that any person using your mobile device, your login name and password will either be you or someone authorized by you.
4.Fees
The Services are provided by Lalamove free of charge to you
5.Links and Advertisements
Lalamove is not liable for the contents and the accuracy of the Advertisements. Lalamove shall not be liable for your transactions with the advertisers of the Advertisements.
6.Disclaimer
The Software is delivered to you on an “as is” basis and although Lalamove has used its best endeavors to ensure that the Software will work properly on your mobile device, Lalamove does not warrant the performance of the Software nor the compatibility of the Software with your mobile device. Lalamove does not warrant the availability of the Services, the availability of vehicles through the use of the Services, the accuracy of the data or information provided as part of the Services or the quality of the services of the Participating vehicles. Lalamove shall not be liable to you for any damages, claims or costs whatsoever including any consequential, indirect, incidental damages or any loss of profit or damage to your mobile device as a result of your use of the Services or your installation and / or execution of the Software even if Lalamove or its representative has been advised of the possibility of such loss, damage or claim. Lalamove shall not be liable for any loss or damages, including any injury which you may suffer as a result of your vehicles journey in a Participating Vehicles hired through the Services and all your rights in relation thereto and in relation to the contract for hire between you and the relevant Participating vehicles shall be a matter between you and the relevant Participating vehicles. The foregoing limitations and exclusions apply to the extent permitted by law.
7.Personal Data and Privacy
You may be required to submit personal information to Lalamove in order to use certain functions of the Software. We may also collect your personal information through various channels (not limited to social media or sign-up sheets created by Lalamove) whilst you indicate your intent to become our partner/user. By submitting your contact details to Lalamove through various channels, you agree to provide Lalamove consent to contact you through various means, not limited to SMS/phone call/emails, irrespective of the DND status of your number. You agree that Lalamove can use your personal data (namely your name and contact number) as provided by you to Lalamove from time to time when you use the Software for the purpose of providing the Services. You agree that Lalamove is entitled to collect, use, keep and update your personal data to such an extent, and at such a time period as may be necessary when Lalamove provides the Services to you, and you confirm that the personal data provided by you are true and correct and up to date. You further expressly consent that Lalamove is entitled to transfer your personal data to the Participating vehicles as may be necessary including, without limitation for the purposes of sourcing a booking to be accepted by a vehicle’s driver, confirmation/clarification of the booking information between you and the vehicle’s driver, and tracking the booked vehicles when Lalamove provides the Services to you. You further agree that the collection, use, storage and transfer of your personal data is generally subject to Lalamove's privacy policy and personal information collection statement the latest version(s) thereof is at “www.Lalamove.com”, and you acknowledge that you have read and understood the same prior to agreeing to these Terms and Conditions.
8.Miscellaneous
Lalamove may from time to time amend the terms of these Terms and Conditions by “www.lalamove.com” and such shall be binding on you upon posting. These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. You submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India. Lalamove reserves the right to change the above Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice.
9.Rules of usage
You shall not use the Software for or to promote any illegal acts. You shall not use the Software to produce any email advertisements or spam emails. You shall not use the Software in any way to track, stalk, harass or hurt any person. You shall not in any way interrupt/destroy the operation of the Software or the servers/network that linked with the Software; Nor violate the network requirements, process, or terms and conditions that were mentioned when using the Software. You shall not use the Software in another person’s name.
10.Promotions
https://www.lalamove.com/india/terms-and-conditions