Renowned for its high-performing and timeless cookware, Le Creuset offer quality products that are the ultimate kitchen companion. From their Signature Cast Iron and Stoneware that will add a pop of colour to your home to their stylishly designed Toughened Non-Stick and 3-ply Stainless Steel, which are the workhorses of the kitchen. And, they offer a lifetime guarantee across all their cookware ranges, providing superior cooking results every time.
This spring/summer, Le Creuset launched its latest shade, Meringue. A fresh, neutral tone that is both delicate and elegant. Designed to evoke a feeling of calm, the new colour for Le Creuset’s Cast Iron, Stoneware and Accessories will offer you the opportunity to create your own personal kitchen sanctuary.
All Le Creuset products marry everyday functionality with elevated style, perfect for making simple suppers for one or a feast for loved ones. With Le Creuset your culinary creations will speak for themselves.
1. Open to United Kingdom aged 18 or over only, except employees of the Promoter, News Corp UK & Ireland Limited, and their associated, affiliated or subsidiary companies, their families, agents or any other person(s) connected with the competition, including third party promotional partners.
2. This competition is only open to Times Subscribers
3. Competition closes at 23:59 GMT on July 5, 2020 (the “Closing Date”). Entries received after the Closing Date will not be counted.
4. One entry per person. Bulk, automatically generated or third party entries are void.
5. To enter you must click ‘Enter competition’ button.
6. There is one winner and one prize.
7. The winners will be selected at random from all valid entries for this competition received before the Closing Date.
8. Winners will be notified by email or using the other contact details provided by the winner within seven days after the Closing Date. All reasonable endeavours will be made to contact the winner during the specified time. If a winner cannot be contacted or is not available, the Promoter reserves the right to re-draw another winner from the valid/correct entries that were received before the Closing Date.
9. The prize: Le Creuset voucher code to value of £500 to spend on the Le Creuset UK website only. The prize is non-exchangeable, non-transferable, non-refundable and subject to availability, or redeemable for case or other prizes. No substitutions by a prize winner are allowed. Le Creuset reserves the right to substitute the prize with one of an equivalent or greater value. The decision of Le Creuset is final and binding and no correspondence will be entered into regarding the outcome of the prize draw. No responsibility will be taken for late, lost, illegible or misdirected entries or for any failure of communication resulting from incorrectly supplied information. Le Creuset reserves the right to check the validity of any entry and the identity of any entrant or winner and to refuse entry or refuse giving the prize if Le Creuset reasonably considers the entry and/or winner to be in breach of the terms and conditions or to have otherwise acted in an inappropriate or deceitful manner. Each entrant’s personal data will be used only for the administration of this prize draw and the promoter will not pass an entrant’s contact details to any third parties. Should you be interested to consent to our marketing newsletter from Le Creuset Group you will be asked to provide us with an express specific consent during the entry process, in the privacy section, before submitting your reply. This is an optional consent, not a prerequisite of entry. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. Le Creuset reserves the right at any time in its sole discretion to cancel, modify or supersede the prize draw if it believes, in its sole discretion, that the prize draw is not capable or is likely not to be capable of being conducted fairly or as specified within these terms and conditions due to events beyond its control. Le Creuset shall have no liability for any delay and/or failure to perform any obligation to the winner or other entrant that is caused by: (a) technical problems of any kind which may limit or prevent any person’s participation in the prize draw; (b) any loss or damage arising from or in connection with the allocation of the prize; (c) any act or omission of any third party; or (d) any other events beyond Le Creuset’s control including but not be limited to, weather conditions, fire, flood, hurricane, strike, industrial dispute, war, hostilities, pandemics or other medical outbreaks, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, inevitable accidents, supervening legislation or any other circumstances amounting to force majeure. Le Creuset accepts no responsibility for any damage, loss, liabilities, injury or disappointment incurred or suffered by you as a result of entering the prize draw or accepting the prize. Nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude the liability of Le Creuset for death, personal injury, fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation as a result of its negligence. If any of these terms and conditions is found by a court or regulator to be invalid or unenforceable the other provisions shall continue to apply. We will do our best to resolve any problems relating to the prize draw quickly and amicably. This prize draw will be governed by the laws of England and Wales and entrants to the prize draw submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

11. *General terms and conditions for competitions apply*.
12. Your information will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy that can be found here 10. The promoter of this competition is Times Newspapers Limited (publishers of The Times and The Sunday Times) (the “Promoter”).11. *General terms and conditions for competitions apply*.12. Your information will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy that can be found here newsprivacy.co.uk
https://www.mytimesplus.co.uk/public/offers/three-lucky-subscribers-could-win-500-to-spend-at-le-creuset