Please read the Terms and Conditions contained in this document carefully since any use of this website and/or application constitutes your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions set out herein.Throughout this site, the terms "we", "us", "our" "Nestlé" and "Nestlé Group" refer to the Nestlé S.A. and any of its affiliated companies as appropriate to the context. “You” refers to any person accessing and/or using this website and/or application.Any personal information or material sent to this website and/or application are subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Privacy Notice located on this website and/or application.
Accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information
Whilst we use all reasonable attempts to ensure the accuracy and completeness of information on this website and/or application, we are not responsible if the information that we make available on this website and/or application is not accurate or complete. Any reliance upon the material on this website and/or application shall be at your own risk. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor any changes to the material and the information contained on this website and/or application.
Any use of free online translation services is at your own risk. We are not responsible for any third party translations of this website and/or application.

Transmission
Any non-personal communication or material you transmit to this website and/or application by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post becomes the property of the Nestlé Group and may be used for any purpose, including but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, the Nestlé Group is free to use for any purposes whatsoever (including but not limited to the developing, manufacturing, advertising and marketing of products) any ideas, artwork, inventions, developments, suggestions or concepts contained in any communication you send to this website and/or application. Any such use is without compensation to the party submitting information. By submitting information, you are also warranting that you own the material/content submitted, that it is not defamatory and that the Nestlé Group's use will not violate any third party's rights or otherwise place us in breach of any applicable laws. The Nestlé Group is under no obligation to use the information submitted.

Intellectual property rights
All copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in all text, images and other materials on this website and/or application are the property of the Nestlé Group or are included with the permission of the relevant owner.
You are permitted to browse this website and/or application, reproduce extracts by way of printing, downloading to a hard disk or for the purposes of distribution to other individuals. This is only to be done on the proviso that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices and that the trademark notice below appears on such reproductions. No reproduction of any part of this website and/or application may be sold or distributed for commercial gain nor shall it be modified or incorporated in any other work, publication or website.

® Reg. Trademark of Société des Produits Nestlé S.A. . All rights reserved.
The trademarks, logos, characters and service marks (collectively "Trademarks") displayed on this website and/or application belong to Société des Produits Nestlé S.A. part of the Nestlé Group. Nothing contained on this website and/or application should be construed as granting any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this website and/or application. Your use/misuse of the Trademarks displayed on this website and/or application, or on any other content on this website and/or application, except as provided for in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that the Nestlé Group will vigorously enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.

Links to other websites
Links on the Nestlé Group websites and/or applications may take you outside the Nestlé Group network and systems and the Nestlé Group accepts no responsibility for the content, accuracy or function of these other third party websites. The links are provided in good faith and the Nestlé Group cannot be held responsible for any subsequent change in other third party websites to which we provide a link. The inclusion of any link to other websites does not imply endorsement by the Nestlé Group. We highly recommend that you make yourself aware of and carefully read the legal and privacy notices of all other websites that you visit.

Warranties and Disclaimers
Your use of this website and/or application is at your own and exclusive risk.

Warranties
This website and/or application is provided to you on an "As Is" and "As Available" basis and, consequently, the Nestlé Group gives no warranties of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise (including the implied warranties of merchantability or satisfactory quality and fitness for a particular purpose) including warranties or representations that material on this website and/or application will be complete, accurate, reliable, timely, non-infringing to third parties, that access to this website and/or application will be un-interrupted or error-free or free from viruses, that this website and/or application will be secure, that any advice or opinion obtained from the Nestlé Group through this website and/or application is accurate or to be relied upon and any representations or warranties thereto are accordingly expressly disclaimed.

Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow exclusions of implied warranties, so some of these exclusions may not apply to you. Please check your local laws.
We reserve the right to restrict, suspend or terminate without notice your access to this website and/or application or any feature of this website and/or application or any feature or part thereof at any time.

Liability
The Nestlé Group and/or any other party involved in the creating, producing or delivering this website and/or application on our behalf shall have no liability or any responsibility whatsoever for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, special or punitive damages, costs, losses or liabilities whatsoever and howsoever arising out of your access to, use, inability to use, change in content of this website and/or application or arising from any other website you access through a link from this website and/or application or to the extent permitted by applicable law, from any actions we take or fail to take as a result of any electronic mail messages you send us.

The Nestlé Group and/or any other party involved in the creating, producing or delivering this website and/or application shall have no responsibility to maintain the material and services made available on this website and/or application or to supply any corrections, updates, or releases in connection therewith. Any material on this website and/or application is subject to change without notice.
Further, the Nestlé Group shall have no liability or any responsibility whatsoever for any loss suffered caused by viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property by reason of your use of, access to or downloading of any material from this website and/or application. If you choose to download material from this website and/or application you do so at your own risk.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly waive all claims against Nestlé Group, its officers, directors, employees, suppliers and programmers that may arise from your use or access of this website and/or application.

Prohibited Activity
You are prohibited from doing any act that the Nestlé Group in its absolute discretion may deem to be inappropriate and/or would be deemed to be an unlawful act or is prohibited by any laws applicable to this website and/or application including but not limited to:
Any act that would constitute a breach of either the privacy (including uploading private information without the concerned individual's consent) or any other of the legal rights of individuals;
Using this website and/or application to defame or libel the Nestlé Group, its employees or other individuals or acting in such a way that brings into disrepute the good name of the Nestlé Group;
Uploading files that contain viruses that may cause damage to the property of the Nestlé Group or the property of other individuals; and
Posting or transmitting to this website and/or application any non-authorised material including but not limited to material that is in our opinion likely to cause annoyance, detrimental to or in violation of Nestlé Group or third party´s systems or network security, defamatory, racist, obscene, threatening, pornographic or otherwise unlawful.

Jurisdiction and governing law
The Nestlé Group makes no representations that the material and information on this website and/or application are appropriate or available in all national locations or languages.
You and the Nestlé Group agree that any controversy or claim arising from or pertaining to the use of this website and/or application shall be governed by Swiss law and be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Switzerland.

Legal notice update
We reserve the right to make any changes and corrections to this notice. Please refer to this page from time to time to review these and new additional information.

Copyright © 2012 Société des Produits Nestlé S.A.
https://www.nestlehealthscience.com/info/terms-and-conditions