Terms & Conditions
IMPORTANT LEGAL NOTICES AND TERMS OF ACCESS AND USE
By accessing or using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to the Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to the Terms & Conditions, do not access or use the website.
Neurocrine Biosciences may modify this website and the rules and regulations governing its use at any time. Modifications will be posted on the website, so please check back when you use the website. By continuing use of the website after such changes are posted you will be presumed to have accepted such changes.
This website does not provide medical or professional services advice. The content on this website is intended to be a general information resource in regard to the subject matter covered, but is provided solely on an “as is” and “as available” basis as noted in these Terms & Conditions.
Copyright
This website is Copyright 2016 Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. All rights reserved. The content, information, documents, organization, gathering, compilation, presentation, and all other aspects of this website are the work of Neurocrine Biosciences and/or its third party providers and are protected under applicable copyright, trademark and other proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights. You may download, display and print material on this website for non-commercial use only, provided that the above copyright notice appears in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of Neurocrine Biosciences is not used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of this documentation without specific, written prior permission. Any other copying, distribution, re-transmission or publication of any material posted on this website is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of Neurocrine Biosciences. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any Neurocrine Biosciences patent, copyright or trademark.
No Warranties
THE INFORMATION ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE MAY BE INACCURATE OR INCOMPLETE AND MAY BE CHANGED WITHOUT NOTICE.NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
Neurocrine Biosciences disclaims all liability for the unauthorized use of the information contained on this website and makes no representations or warranties with respect to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the website and the content available on the website is at your sole risk.
User Responsibility to Protect against Viruses
Neurocrine Biosciences has no intention of distributing any electronic materials designed deliberately to cause errors in or disrupt use of any computer system. However, it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you may download from this website is free of such items as viruses and other items of a destructive nature.
Limitation of Liability; No Duty to Update
Your use of the website or any content on the website is at your own risk. Neurocrine Biosciences specifically disclaims any liability, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages arising out of or in any way connected with access to or use of the website, even if Neurocrine Biosciences has been advised of the possibility of such damages, including but not limited to reliance by any party on any content obtained through the use of the website, or that arises in connection with mistakes or omissions in, or delays in transmission of, information to or from the user, interruptions in telecommunications connections to the website or viruses, whether caused in whole or in part by negligence, acts of God, “force majeure” events or circumstances, telecommunications failure, theft or destruction of, or unauthorized access to the website, or related information or programs.
Neurocrine Biosciences does not warrant that the functions contained in this website are free of computer viruses or other harmful components. Although the content of this website is updated periodically, Neurocrine Biosciences does not have a duty to update information contained in this website, and Neurocrine Biosciences will not be liable for any failure to update such information. Neurocrine Biosciences does not assume any responsibility or liability for the completeness, reliability or usefulness of the information disclosed or accessed through this website. It is your responsibility to verify any information contained in this website before relying upon it.
Links
This website may contain links to websites operated by other parties. The linked sites are not under the control of Neurocrine Biosciences, and Neurocrine Biosciences is not responsible for the content available on any other Internet sites linked to this website. Such links do not imply endorsement by Neurocrine Biosciences of material on any other site and Neurocrine Biosciences disclaims all liability with regard to your access to such linked websites. Neurocrine Biosciences provides links to other Internet sites as a convenience to users, and access to any other Internet sites linked to this website is at your own risk.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This website is controlled by Neurocrine Biosciences from its offices in San Diego, California, in the United States of America. All matters relating to access to, or use of, this website shall be governed by the laws of the State of California and the United States without reference to choice of law rules. Any legal action or proceeding relating to access to, or use of, this website or the information it contains shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in California. By accessing or using this website, you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts in any such legal action or proceeding. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as a solicitation or promotion for any product or service or for the use of any product in a particular way which is not authorized by the laws and regulations of the country where the reader is located. Neurocrine Biosciences makes no representation that the information in the website is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the website from territories where the content of may be illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms & Conditions is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of these Terms & Conditions shall remain in full force and effect. Any provision of these Terms & Conditions held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.
Violations and Additional Policies
Neurocrine Biosciences reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of the rules and regulations set forth in this website, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address to the website.
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTs
This website, including the management presentations, web casts, and press releases made available through this web site, and other information referenced to or linked from this website, contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as “believes,” “expects,” “hopes,” “may,” “will,” “plan,” “intends,” “estimates,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “continue,” “seeks,” “pro forma,” or “anticipates,” or other similar words (including their use in the negative), or by discussions of future matters such as the development of new products, technology enhancements, possible changes in legislation and other statements that are not historical. Although our forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment of our management, these statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, these forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include those risks and uncertainties associated with Neurocrine’s business and finances in general, as well as risks and uncertainties associated with the Company’s R & D pipeline and the Company overall. Specifically, the risks and uncertainties the Company faces include risks that regulatory submissions may not occur or be submitted in a timely manner; risks that the Company’s product candidates may not obtain regulatory approval or that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or regulatory authorities outside the U.S. may make adverse decisions regarding the Company’s product candidates; risks associated with the Company’s dependence on AbbVie for the development and commercialization of elagolix; risks that clinical development activities may not be completed on time or at all; risks that clinical development activities may be delayed for regulatory or other reasons, may not be successful or replicate previous clinical trial results, may fail to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and effective, or may not be predictive of real-world results or of results in subsequent clinical trials; risks that the Company’s product candidates may be precluded from commercialization by the proprietary rights of third parties, or have unintended side effects, adverse reactions or incidents of misuse; risks associated with the Company’s dependence on third parties for development, manufacturing and marketing activities; risks that the Company’s research programs will not identify pre-clinical candidates for further development; risks that the Company will be unable to raise additional funding required to complete development of all of its product candidates; risk and uncertainties relating to competitive products and technological changes that may limit demand for the Company’s products. These and other risks are detailed from time to time in our annual report on Form 10-K and in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in other reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). These reports are available at www.sec.gov or through the Investor section of our website. We disclaim any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. We urge you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made.
https://www.neurocrine.com/terms-conditions/