To receive Access Credit, whether an upgrade or cancellation, the Program Product must be returned to Samsung in Satisfactory Condition (defined below in Section 3c).

By enrolling or participating in the Program, you accept and agree to the following terms (the “Program Terms”).

1. Enrolling in the Program

To enroll in the Program you must:

a. Opt-in to the Program at www.samsung.com (the “Website”) or using the Shop Samsung App (the “App”).
b. Be approved for and use a Samsung Financing Program Account to finance the purchase of a Program Product. The Samsung Financing account (the "Financing Account") is a revolving credit account offered and issued by TD Bank, N.A. (“TD Bank”), which is governed by a separate agreement with TD Bank (the “Samsung Financing Program Account Agreement”). The Financing Account provides you with access to promotional offers to finance the purchase of a Program Product (the “Financed Amount”), and to pay any applicable Program fees, taxes and shipping charges. If you have a current Financing Account, you may use that account to participate in the Program, subject to the available credit line.
c. Have a Samsung Account. You must create a new Samsung Account or log-in to your existing Samsung Account on the Website or the App. For information, see samsung.com/myaccount/ . NOTE: Your Samsung Account is different than the Financing Account issued by TD Bank.

2. Eligibility To Request Access Credit

To request Access Credit in tandem with an upgrade or cancellation, you must meet the following requirements:

a. You must own your Program Product for at least twelve (12) months.
You may not upgrade or cancel participation in the Program within the first twelve (12) months of purchasing your Program Product.
b. Your Financing Account must be open and in good standing. Your Financing Account must be open, available for use, current (meaning no past due amounts), and have sufficient available credit to purchase an Upgrade Product in the case of an upgrade. Additional requirements may be contained in your Financing Account Agreement.
c. Payment of the Early Upgrade or Cancellation Fee may be required based on when you request Access Credit .

(i) If you elect to upgrade within twenty-seven (27) months from the date of shipment of your Program Product (“Shipment Date”) or before you have paid at least 75% of the Financed Amount, in addition to returning your Program Product to Samsung, payment of the Early Upgrade or Cancellation Fee will be required. If you upgrade after twenty-seven (27) months, you will not be charged an Early Upgrade or Cancellation Fee.
(ii) If you choose to cancel within twenty-seven (27) months from the Shipment Date or before you have paid at least 75% of the Financed Amount, in addition to returning your Program Product to Samsung, you will be required to pay an Early Upgrade or Cancellation Fee. If you cancel after twenty-seven (27) months, you will not be charged an Early Upgrade or Cancellation Fee.
(iii) Any required Early Upgrade or Cancellation Fee will be applied to your Financing Account and will be payable according to the terms of the Samsung Financing Program Account Agreement.

3. How to Request Access Credit

If you are eligible to request Access Credit, you must complete the following steps:

a. Prepare Your Program Product for Return to Samsung. You will be required to upload a photograph of the Program Product before and after packing it into a shipping box provided to you. You must include the remote, stand and power cable (“Product Accessories”) that were included in your Program Product. All data, including all confidential and personal data, must be removed from your Program Product before returning it to Samsung. Refer to the user manual or support page on Samsung’s website for how to do a factory reset on your Program Product. Neither the Program Product nor the Product Accessories will be returned to you.
b. Return your Program Product to Samsung. Within forty-eight (48) hours after you request Access Credit, Samsung or its authorized representative will arrange to collect the Program Product from you. Once you arrange for pickup, Samsung’s authorized representative will attempt to collect the Program Product. If the first pickup attempt is unsuccessful, Samsung’s authorized representative will make one additional collection attempt. If the second attempt is unsuccessful, you will be required to pay a $260 fee prior to scheduling the 3rd pickup attempt. Samsung will consider your Program Product returned as of the date Samsung’s authorized representative picks up the Program Product. By initiating the return of your Program Product, you disclaim any further right, title or interest in and to the Program Product, including the right to sell, dispose or otherwise collect or realize the value of the Program Product. Once you return your Program Product to Samsung, it cannot be returned to you for any reason.
c. Your Program Product must be received in Satisfactory Condition. To receive the Maximum Credit (defined in Section 4.a.), Samsung or its authorized representatives must determine, in their sole judgment, that your Program Product is in “Satisfactory Condition,” meaning that it is in the same condition as when you purchased the Program Product, with reasonable wear and tear (e.g., minor scratches and dents are acceptable), and all Product Accessories are included. You will receive notification via email within forty-five (45) days of collection that the Program Product is in Satisfactory Condition. If it is not in Satisfactory Condition, then you will be subject to a repair/replacement charge of up to $99.00.
d. Exercise of Premium Care Service Rights. If you have not cancelled your Premium Care coverage and you believe your Program Product may not be in Satisfactory Condition, before arranging for pickup or requesting Access Credit, you may exercise your service rights set forth in the Samsung Premium Care Terms of Service posted at https://www.samsung.com/us/support/premium-care/terms-and-conditions/ (“Service Contract”), including paying any applicable service fee required. After your Program Product is repaired or replaced under your Service Contract you may return it to Samsung and request Access Credit. If you have already exhausted your service rights under your Service Contract, or if the necessary repair or replacement is not covered by Samsung Premium Care, then your Program Product will not be eligible for Access Credit.
e. Using the Access Credit to Upgrade. To use your Access Credit to upgrade you must also purchase an Upgrade Device under the Program using the Financing Account via the Website or the App.

4. Access Credit Applied To Your Financing Account

If you are eligible to request and receive Access Credit, Samsung will issue a credit to your Financing Account subject to the following limitations:

a. Maximum Credit. If you have made only the minimum required payments towards your Program Product, then the maximum amount of Access Credit you may receive will equal the remaining amount that you owe towards the Program Product. If you have made more than the minimum required payments, then the maximum amount of Access Credit you may receive will equal the remaining amount that you owe towards the Program Product plus the additional payments you have made. The unpaid balance and amount of the Maximum Credit will be determined as of the date Samsung or its representatives pick up the Program Product from you.
b. Continuation of Required Payments. Pending receipt of your Access Credit, you must continue to make all minimum payments as required by the Financing Account terms. This includes both the outstanding Financed Amount from your returned Program Product, as well as any additional amounts such as Upgrade or Cancellation Fees (if required) associated with the purchase of an Upgrade Product, in the case of an upgrade. If the Access Credit is less than the outstanding Financed Amount, any remaining balance of the original Financed Amount will also remain subject to required minimum payments in accordance with the Financing Account terms.

5. Further Upgrades

Each time you upgrade subject to this Program, the Upgrade Product you purchase will be considered your Program Product under these Program Terms for purposes of determining (i) whether you are eligible to participate in the Program and (ii) whether any Access Credit may be applied to your Financing Account in connection with a further upgrade.

6. Third Party Services

If you opt in to the Program, when you purchase your Program Device and Premium Care, Samsung will also provide you a promotional code offering you an opportunity to obtain content, cloud storage, or other digital services from third parties (“Third Party Services”). Samsung will determine in its sole discretion the type and value of Third Party Services offered to participants in the Program, which Samsung may change from time to time without notice to you. The Third Party Services may be subject to recurring subscription charges (such as a monthly subscription charge) or usage based charges and the promotional code Samsung provides may only cover a limited period of time or a limited amount of usage. You are responsible to pay charges for Third Party Services that exceed the time period, amount of usage, or other limitations applicable to the promotional code Samsung provides. To use Third Party Services you may be required to register or enroll with the provider of the Third Party Services in a manner determined by the provider and pay associated fees for such Third Party Services. Your use of the Third Party Services is subject to terms and conditions (including privacy policies) determined solely by the provider. Samsung makes no warranty of any kind with respect to any Third Party Services and will not be responsible for any actions or omissions of any provider of Third Party Services.

7. Returns during the Return Window

You can return your Program Product or Upgrade Product after your purchase within fifteen (15) days (the “Return Window”) of delivery of the Program Product (not in tandem with the Program) only in accordance with Samsung's then-applicable returns and refunds policy, posted on the Website at https://www.samsung.com/us/support/order-faqs/#RETURNS . Following such return, Samsung will issue a credit to your Financing Account for the applicable amount, if any. This paragraph does not apply to returns or replacements under the terms of Samsung’s standard limited warranty. If you initiate the Third Party Services by using the promotional code we give you and return your Program Product during the Return Window, you will be charged and agree to pay an amount equal to the remaining value of the Third Party Services.

8. Other Important Terms

• The Program is offered and administered by Samsung Electronics America, Inc. and is separate from the Financing Program offered and administered by TD Bank.
• The Program is only available to purchase the Program Product. You will not be able to purchase any accessories or other add-ons in connection with your enrollment into the Program.
• The Program is only available to consumers who acquire their Program Product solely for personal, household, family, or bona fide business end use, by accessing the Website or the App and finance the Program Product through a Financing Account. Program Products available under the Program are not for resale. Samsung reserves the right to limit the number of Program Products sold to a consumer under this Program. By participating in the Program, you (i) represent that you are not purchasing devices under the Program with the intention of reselling such devices and (ii) represent that you are not acting on behalf of any person or entity that intends to resell devices you purchase. If Samsung determines, in its sole discretion, that you are in the business of reselling devices purchased in connection with the Program, then, in addition to any other remedies available (including Samsung’s right to refuse to ship to you and cancel your participation in the Program), you will be charged and agree to pay the full amount of any Access Credit or other promotional value that Samsung provided to you in your Finance Account or other payment method you have used on the Website or through the App. If you do not have sufficient credit available, Samsung will notify you and you must provide an alternative payment method.
• You must be at least 18 years old to participate in the Program.
• The Program cannot be combined with any other promotions, discounts, or offers (“Offers”), unless specifically provided for in the applicable Offer’s terms and conditions.
• By enrolling or participating in the Program, you understand and agree that it may be necessary for Samsung, its subsidiaries and agents, TD Bank, and Samsung’s authorized retailers or resellers to collect, process, transmit, maintain, share, and use certain of your personal information, such as your name, address, and information related to your Financing Account application or the status of your Financing Account, to perform the service and support obligations under the Program. You may receive periodic Program-related communications from Samsung or TD Bank, such as notices regarding your Financing Account and changes to the Program. You may also receive requests to participate in surveys or marketing communications from Samsung and/or its Affiliates related to the Program or other offers. At all times, Samsung will treat your information in accordance with the Samsung Privacy Policy, available at www.Samsung.com/privacy. Any information collected by TD Bank will be subject to its privacy policy rather than Samsung’s Privacy Policy.
• If any provision (or part of any provision) of these Program Terms is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, such term shall, insofar as it is severable from the remaining terms, be deemed omitted from these Program Terms and shall in no way affect the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining terms.
• You should retain a copy of these Program Terms and any sales receipt or other materials relevant to the purchase of your Program Product and Upgrade Product. You may also review the most recent version of these Program Terms by visiting https://www.samsung.com/us/shop/access/tv/terms-and-conditions
• Samsung reserves the right to substitute, change, cancel or add to any part of these Program Terms at any time, including terminating the Program or modifying these Program Terms. In the event the Program is terminated, you will still be responsible for any outstanding balances due under the terms of your Samsung Financing Program Account Agreement. We will use reasonable efforts to provide you with advance notice before we terminate the Program. We will also use reasonable efforts to provide advanced notice before we make changes to the Program that, in our discretion, could significantly restrict your rights or add significant new obligations relating to your participation in the Program.
• We reserve the right to decline your enrollment or cancel your participation in the Program, with or without advance notice, if we believe that you have not complied with these Program Terms or that your participation is enabling a fraudulent or illegal purpose.
• The Program is available only to customers residing in the fifty U.S. states and the District of Columbia and is not available in other locations.
• Program eligibility and the Financing Account are not transferrable.
• These terms and conditions shall be deemed governed by the laws of the State of New York.
• For questions about your Financing Account or your application, please contact TD Bank at 1-800-434-0050.
https://www.samsung.com/us/shop/access/tv/terms-and-conditions/