Spotify® Introductory Trial Offer Terms and Conditions
This offer (the “Introductory Trial Offer”), which is made to you by Spotify (as defined in the Spotify Terms and Conditions of Use), entitles you to access the Spotify Premium Service (as defined in the Spotify Terms and Conditions of Use) for a period of three (3) months from the moment that you activate such trial period by submitting your payment details and paying the advertised price (the “Introductory Trial Period”). By submitting your payment details, (i) you accept the Introductory Trial Offer, (ii) consent to us using your payment details in accordance with our Privacy Policy, (iii) acknowledge and agree to the Spotify Terms and Conditions of Use and these Introductory Trial Offer Terms and Conditions. If you decide that you do not want to remain a paying user of the Spotify Premium Service, you have to cancel your subscription to the Premium Service by logging into your Spotify account and following the prompts on the Account page, or by clicking here and following the instructions, prior to the end of your Introductory Trial Period. Otherwise, at the end of your Introductory Trial Period, you will automatically become a paying user of the Spotify Premium Service at the regular Spotify Premium monthly price, and the payment method you provided will automatically be charged the Spotify Premium subscription fee each month, until you cancel your Premium Service subscription. If you wish to cancel your Premium Service subscription after the end of your Introductory Trial Period, you may do so by following the instructions above. There are no refunds or credits for partial monthly subscriptions. If Spotify increases the monthly fee in the future, we will provide you notice. Price changes will take effect at the start of the next subscription period following the date of the price change. By continuing to use the Spotify Service after the price change takes effect, you accept the new price. You may only use this Introductory Trial Offer once. If you have subscribed to the Premium or Unlimited service or have taken a 30-day free trial offer or 60-day free trial offer previously, you are ineligible for this Introductory Trial Offer. You may also be ineligible for this Introductory Trial Offer if you have taken other previous trial offers offered by Spotify. The Spotify service may not be available on certain personal devices. Neither prepaid cards nor Spotify gift cards can be used as a valid payment method for this offer.
A limited number of Introductory Trial Offers are available, while supplies last. This Introductory Trial Offer expires and must be redeemed before the date advertised. Spotify reserves the right to earlier terminate this Introductory Trial Offer at any time and for any reason. After such time of termination, Spotify shall not be obligated to redeem any further Introductory Trial Offers.
Spotify AB
Regeringsgatan 19, SE-111 53 Stockholm
Sweden
https://www.spotify.com/za/legal/intro-offer-terms-and-conditions/