

Definitions
a) The term "Company" shall mean Testo Limited,
b) The term "Customer" shall mean any person, firm or company who purchases goods or services from the Company,
c) The term “Product” shall mean goods and/or services.
d) The term “Distributor” shall mean any party who buys goods from The Company and resells them to customers unchanged.
Conditions
These conditions apply to and are deemed to be incorporated in all orders, contracts, quotations and tenders for the supply and sale of goods or services by the Company. These conditions supersede any terms and conditions contained in any Customer's order unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company.
Quotations
Quotations are made upon the basis of materials and labour prevailing at the date thereof and are open for acceptance for a period of thirty days from the date of quotation. However, this is subject to manufacturers' prices not increasing during this period. In addition, the quotation may be withdrawn at any time prior to acceptance in writing. Stenographical errors or clerical errors, if any, are subject to subsequent correction.
Published Prices
Orders placed will be charged at prices current at the time of delivery.
Value Added Tax
All prices quoted are exclusive of Value Added Tax.
Accounts
Credit accounts can only be opened at the Company's discretion and subject to satisfactory references being given otherwise remittances must be sent with orders. We will make a search with a Credit Reference Agency, which will keep a record of that search and will share that information with other businesses. We may also make enquiries about the Principal Directors and Proprietors with a Credit Reference Agency. Where a credit account has been opened goods must be paid for in full and within 30 days from invoice. The Company reserves the right to set a maximum amount of credit allowable upon each account and to withdraw credit facilities without explanation. In the event of nonpayment in accordance with the credit terms the whole of the price for all goods sold by the Company to the Customer whether under this or any other contract, shall immediately become due and payable and the Company reserves the right at its option, to cancel or postpone the further performance of its obligations whether under this or any other contract, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to the Customer. The Company reserves the right to charge the Customer interest at the rate of 2% per annum above UK clearing bank base lending rate from time to time until payment is made in full.
Description and Quality
Illustrations, descriptions, weights and technical data in any of the Company's catalogues, price lists and statements (written or oral) made by any representative of the Company are provided to give customers an approximate picture and description only and do not form the basis of any contractual liability. No warranty or condition that the article shall accord with such illustration, description or statement is to be implied and any warranty or condition capable of, or arising, is hereby excluded. Designs of goods are subject to alteration without notice. Products and services may from time to time be discontinued, changed in scope, capability or redefined for purpose at the sole discretion of the Company. All quotations given and sales made are upon the condition that although goods supplied are of sound commercial quality, the Company can accept no liability as to their suitability for any purpose other than that specified in writing or prior to the time of sale.
Limitation of Liability
Subject to clauses 10 b) c) d) and e) the Company's liability is limited to that provided in clauses 8 and 9.
a) The Company shall not be liable in any circumstances to the Customer whether by way of indemnity or by reason of breach of contract or negligence or of breach of statutory duty or otherwise for loss or damage of any kind, whether direct, indirect or consequential.
b) The undertaking as to title in Section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 is not excluded.
c) Where the Customer deals as Consumer (as defined in Section 12 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977) the undertakings implied by sections 13,14,15 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 are not excluded and the customer's statutory rights are not affected.
d) The Company does not exclude any or restrict liability for death or personal injury resulting from its own negligence.
e) The Company does not exclude any liability which it may incur under the Consumer Protection Act 1987 for damage as defined in section 5 of the Act.
Property and Risk
a) Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company all tools, dies and patterns in respect of or relating to the goods shall remain the property of the Company.
b) Risk in the goods will pass to the Customer on the earlier of: -
i)Delivery;
ii) When the goods are ready for delivery, but delivery is postponed at the Customer's request; or
iii) The date on which the Customer fails to take delivery in accordance with the Contract.
c) Delivery shall be deemed to be completed before offloading where the Company agrees that goods are to be delivered other than at the Company's premises and before loading where the goods are collected at the Company's premises.
d) Until the Contract price of the goods and/or services comprised in the Contract or any other contract between the Customer and the Company and all other sums whatsoever which are or may become outstanding from the Customer to the Company shall have been paid or satisfied in full as cleared funds or until a director of the Company specifies otherwise in writing:
i) The property in the goods remains vested in the Company (notwithstanding the delivery of the same and the passing of risk therein) and the Customer shall hold the goods as the fiduciary agent and bailee of the Company;
ii) The Customer shall maintain the goods in a satisfactory condition and insure the goods for their full price against all risks and, in the event of any loss or damage, shall immediately on receipt of the insurance monies remit to the Company the full Contract price of the Goods lost or damaged less any part thereof which has already been paid and until such amount has been so remitted shall hold such amount as trustee for the Company;
iii) The Customer may sell the goods in the ordinary course of business at full market value in the name of the Customer as principal and not as agent for the Company; the Customer acts as the Company's bailee in respect of such sales and shall immediately upon such sale, and whether or not payment has become due, remit to the Company the full purchase price of the Goods sold less any part of it which has already been paid and, until such amount has been so remitted, shall hold such amount as trustee for the Company;
iv) The Company may at any time revoke the Customer's power of sale;
v) The Customer's power of sale and any right to possession of the goods shall in any event automatically cease in any of the circumstances set out in clause 12 (e) (referred to in such clause as a "Default");
vi) The Company shall be entitled by itself its employees or agents (with or without vehicles) to enter upon any of the Customer's premises at any time for the purpose of inspecting or removing and repossessing such Goods and the Company shall be entitled to claim from the Customer the costs and expenses incurred by the Company in and ancillary to the process of removal and repossession.
e) A Default shall be any of the following:
i) Breach of the Contract by the Customer or of any other contract between the Company and the Customer;
ii) Failure by the Customer to make any payment when it becomes due;
iii) The Customer exceeds the credit limit set by the Company;
iv) If the Customer has a bankruptcy order made against him or makes an arrangement or composition with his creditors, or otherwise takes the benefit if any statutory provision for the time being in force for the relief of insolvent debtors, or (being a body corporate) convenes a meeting of creditors (whether formal or informal), or enters into liquidation (whether voluntary or compulsory) except a solvent voluntary liquidation for the purpose only of reconstruction or amalgamation, or has a receiver and/or manager, administrator or administrative receiver appointed of its undertaking or any part thereof, or documents are filed with the court for the appointment of an administrator of the Customer or notice of intention to appoint an administrator is given by the Customer or its directors or by a qualifying floating charge holder (as defined in paragraph 14 of Schedule B1 to the Insolvency Act 1986), or a resolution is passed or a petition is presented to any court for the winding-up of the Customer or for the granting of an administration order in respect of the Customer, or any proceedings are commenced relating to the insolvency or possible insolvency of the Customer or the Customer suffers or allows any execution whether legal or equitable, to be levied on his/its property or obtained against him/it, or fails to observe or perform any of his/its obligations under the Contract or any other contract between the Company and the Customer, or is unable to pay its debt within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or the Customer encumbers or in any way charges any of the goods; or
v) In the event of default in payment and justified doubts as to the solvency or creditworthiness of the customer, we shall be entitled - notwithstanding our other rights - to demand securities or advance payments for outstanding deliveries and services or to make deliveries and services only against cash on delivery or advance payment and to demand immediate payment of all claims arising from the business relationship..
f) Nothing in these conditions shall:
i) Constitute or be deemed to have constituted the Customer as the Company's agent, or
ii) Prevent the Company from maintaining an action for the price,
iii) Notwithstanding that the property in the goods may not have passed to the Customer.
g) On termination of any Contract, howsoever caused, the Company's rights in this Clause 9 shall remain in effect.
https://www.testo.com/en-UK/company/termsAndConditions