Copying, Downloading, & Sharing
You understand and agree that the Content on the Sites is subject to copyright laws in the US and internationally. You may only copy or download content or information on the Sites that are expressly provided for that purpose. You understand and agree that we, in our sole discretion can decide which content you may download, copy, and/or share and that you will abide by our decisions and policies with regard to our content. You understand that if you do copy or reproduce any information without permission, we may immediately terminate your access to the Sites and/or to the products or services.
If a file is made available for and intended for downloading, there will be downloading instructions, which tell you that you can download it and will also indicate whether you may share it. If a downloadable file does not expressly state that you may share it, then you may not do so without written permission.
Unauthorized use of the Sites or the content is strictly prohibited.
While there are many permitted uses of the EverWebinar, WebinarJam, and Kartra Sites as detailed above, not all uses are permitted.
Except as expressly provided, no commercial uses are allowed of the Site(s) or any of the Content without written permission. The foregoing in no way limits the use of the EverWebinar, WebinarJam, or Kartra software by registered Users or licensees whose use is controlled by their respective End User License Agreement. Any use of the Sites that could in any way damage or impair the functionality for other users to any extent is prohibited.
You agree to respect our intellectual property rights and understand that you may not download or copy ANY of our Content in ANY area of the Site, except where permission to do so expressly provided, or unless such information is provided on specific parts or portions of the Sites, such as a “Downloads” or “Free Resources” section.
You may not download or copy our information yourself and you may not employ any automated device, software tools, harvester, extractor, scraper, spider, robot, program, code, script, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, or copy the Sites or any portion thereof, or any Content. You may not reproduce the Sites or portions thereof in any way, nor ‘mirror’ the sites at a separate location or server. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any Content through any means not purposely made available through the normal use of the Sites (e.g. using a standard web browser).
You also expressly agree not to attempt to reverse engineer, replicate, or circumvent any software, product, or service feature of the Sites, or that is marketed through the Sites.
You also agree not to attempt to divert traffic from the Sites by use of a confusingly similar domain name. You agree not to claim or suggest ownership or control of the Sites, nor to imply or suggest any non-existent affiliation with the Sites. You agree not to use comment or feedback threads to post support issues, complaints, or issues related to sales, or problems with access to software, products, or services including EverWebinar, WebinarJam, Kartra, or others. You also agree not to use such opportunities for posting comment spam, links to other software, products, or services, or attacking other users. You understand and agree that any such prohibited uses may result in the loss of access to the Sites, software, products, or services without warning or refund.
You also may not attempt to gain unauthorized access of any kind to the Sites, or to any software, product, or service offered through the Sites via any means including hacking, password guessing, backdoors, code injection, or any other means. You also agree that you will not engage in any activities using the Sites that violate applicable laws or regulations in your locale. Such uses are strictly prohibited and include invasion of privacy laws, laws pertaining to defamation or libel, or the like.
https://home.webinarjam.com/terms