Terms and Conditions
NONE OF OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER.
1. In General
Access to and use of this Website and the products and services available through this Website (collectively, the ‘Services’) are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices (the ‘Terms of Service’). By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of the Terms of Service, as may be updated by us from time to time. You should check this page regularly to take notice of any changes we may have made to the Terms of Service.
If order cancelled by customer or if battery found to be ok in that case service charge will be applicable min Rs.350/. If car not start by after replacing the battery might be starter issue, also service charge is applicable. If customer wants delivery before 8:30 am or after 8:30 PM Rs. 300/- service charge will be applicable ( discuss on whats app 7588010101 prior booking). If delivery distance is more than 22 - 25 kms then service charge will be applicable ( discuss on whats app 7588010101 prior booking). If customer pay by credit card (visa/Master) then 2% extra service charge + GST of 2% will be applicable & if customer pay by American Express then 3% + GST of 3% will be applicable. Note: if customer using Paytm the 5% would be additional. Netbanking, IMPS, Gpay, & Cheque option is available, only for few cities.
Access to this Website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Services without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts or this entire Website.
Our website also contains links to other websites, which are not operated by us (BatteryBoss.in). BatteryBoss.in has no control over the Linked Sites and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
We try our best to specify the correct car battery via our database; however, there may on occasions be errors due to various situations we do advise that polarity and dimensions are checked in order to ensure the correct battery is issued. Our data is not compatible to imported vehicles.
2. Prohibitions
You must not misuse this Website. You will not: commit or encourage a criminal offence; transmit or distribute a virus, Trojan, worm, logic bomb or any other material which is malicious, technologically harmful, in breach of confidence or in any way offensive or obscene; hack into any aspect of the Service; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other users; infringe upon the rights of any other person’s proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or promotional material, commonly referred to as ‘spam’; or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through this Website. Breaching this provision would constitute a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. BatteryBoss.in will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and disclose your identity to them.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
3. Intellectual Properties, Software and Content
The intellectual property rights in all software and content made available to you on or through this Website remains the property of BatteryBoss.in or its licensors and are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved by BatteryBoss.in and its licensors. You may store, print and display the content supplied solely for your own personal use. You are not permitted to publish, manipulate, distribute or otherwise reproduce, in any format, any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on this Website nor may you use any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise.
4. Terms of Sale
By placing an order you are offering to purchase a product on and subject to the following terms and conditions. All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price.
Dispatch times may vary according to availability and any guarantees or representations made as to delivery times are limited to India and subject to any delays resulting from postal delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible.
In order to contract with BatteryBoss.in you must be over 18 years of age and possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us. We retain the right to refuse any request made by you. If your order is accepted we will inform you by email/phone and we will confirm the identity of the party which you have contracted with. This will usually be BatteryBoss.in or may in some cases be a third party. Where a contract is made with a third party BatteryBoss.in is not acting as either agent or principal and the contract is made between yourself and that third party and will be subject to the terms of sale which they supply you. When placing an order you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorised user of the credit or debit card used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods. The cost of foreign products and services may fluctuate. All prices advertised are subject to such changes.
(a) Our Contract
When you place an order, you will receive an acknowledgement e-mail/phone message confirming receipt of your order: this email/message will only be an acknowledgement and will not constitute acceptance of your order. Only those goods listed in the confirmation e-mail sent at the time of dispatch will be included in the contract formed.
(b) Pricing and Availability
Whilst we try and ensure that all details, descriptions and prices which appear on this Website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of any goods which you have ordered we will inform you of this as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund.
(c) Payment
Upon receiving your order we carry out a standard pre-authorisation check on your payment card to ensure there are sufficient funds to fulfil the transaction. Goods will not be dispatched until this pre-authorisation check has been completed. Your card will be debited once the order has been accepted.
(d) Discount Codes
Account discount codes – Discount codes may from time to time be offered to account holders; such codes may only be applied to purchases made through the account in respect of which the discount code was offered and registered.
The conditions of use relating to any discount code will be specified at the time of issue.
(e) Delivery
We will only deliver to addresses within the India and in only those cities in which we have operation.
We do everything we can to meet the delivery time specified in this section, however occasionally delivery times may be affected by factors beyond our control and cannot be guaranteed. We offer Same Day Delivery service based on orders placed before 5pm Mon – Sat.
We will inform you if we become aware of an unexpected delay. Please note that if your order is made up of a combination of items, deliveries may, on occasion be made separately. Any issues with the items we must be notified within 7 days of the delivery. Risk in the goods will pass to you on delivery. We reserve the right to alter or amend delivery times in exceptional circumstances.
5. Disclaimer of Liability
The material displayed on this Website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Unless expressly stated to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law BatteryBoss.in and its suppliers, content providers and advertisers hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity and shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but without limitation to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, damage to goodwill or reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, performance or failures of this Website or the Linked Sites and any materials posted thereon, irrespective of whether such damages were foreseeable or arise in contract, tort, equity, restitution, by statute, at common law or otherwise. This does not affect BatteryBoss.in liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, nor for fraudulent misrepresentation, misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
6. Linking to this Website
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
This Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of this Website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
7. Disclaimer as to ownership of trademarks, images of personalities and third party copyright
Except where expressly stated to the contrary all persons (including their names and images), third party trademarks and images of third party products, services and/or locations featured on this Website are in no way associated, linked or affiliated with BatteryBoss.in and you should not rely on the existence of such a connection or affiliation. Any trademarks/names featured on this Website are owned by the respective trade mark owners. Where a trade mark or brand name is referred to it is used solely to describe or identify the products and services and is in no way an assertion that such products or services are endorsed by or connected to BatteryBoss.in.
8. Variation
BatteryBoss.in shall have the right in its absolute discretion at any time and without notice to amend, remove or vary the Services and/or any page of this Website.
9. Invalidities
If any part of the Terms of Service is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of the Terms of Service will not be affected all other clauses remaining in full force and effect. So far as possible where any clause/sub-clause or part of a clause/sub-clause can be severed to render the remaining part valid, the clause shall be interpreted accordingly. Alternatively, you agree that the clause shall be rectified and interpreted in such a way that closely resembles the original meaning of the clause /sub-clause as is permitted by law.
10. Complaints
We operate a complaints handling procedure which we will use to try to resolve disputes when they first arise, please let us know if you have any complaints or comments.
11. Waiver
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
12. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are to be construed in accordance with the laws of India and in the event of any dispute or claim associated with these terms and conditions, that dispute or claim shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Indian courts.
13. Entire Agreement
The above Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and BatteryBoss.in. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by a Manager of BatteryBoss.in.
14. Service Restrictions
BatteryBoss.in can restrict the services and benefits to customers of which he or she is entitled, or impose conditions under which they will be made available. Action may be taken in the following circumstances:
If reasonable usage levels are exceeded
If a customer behaves in a threatening or abusive manner towards BatteryBoss staff or agents
If a customer has falsely represented that they are entitled to services that they are not entitled to.
15. Invoices/Guarantee
Invoices for orders placed with us are automatically sent to you via email when the payment has been confirmed. Alternatively, you will receive the invoice/receipt upon delivery of the battery by our technician.
This invoice/receipt is proof of your purchase and guarantee so MUST be kept in safe keeping in order to claim under our warranty procedure or obtain further assistance with your product.
16. Warranty
Warranty Procedure.
If you have fully charged your battery and think it is faulty there are 2 options on how to process your warranty claim:
-Having the battery tested yourself
-Take the battery to a local garage for a battery test. Make sure the battery is fully charged and over 12volts when the test is performed. Ensure that the voltage is shown on the test report.
-Send the test report via fax, email or post with a copy of your invoice or order number. Make sure your address and phone number are included.
-When we have received the test report and the invoice we will call you to arrange a new product to be sent to you and collection of the faulty item.
17. Waste Battery Regulations
Under the Waste Battery Regulations, Battery Megastore are now offering a take back scheme for all portable waste batteries, you can return your waste batteries to our business premises in person.
Alternatively, you can find your local waste portable battery recycling facility at www.recyclenow.com
Most supermarkets and shops that sell batteries will have collection bins for used batteries, and some town halls, libraries or schools may also set up collection points. End-users may find stores in their local area more accessible.
https://www.batteryboss.in/term-conditions