Term & Conditions
TERMS OF USER AGREEMENT
PLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY USING THIS WEBSITE OR ORDERING SERVICES FROM THIS WEBSITE YOU HEREBY AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
This Terms of Service Agreement (the "Agreement") governs your use of this website, BookMatrimonialad.com (the "Website"), BookMatrimonialad.com ("Business Name") offer of products for purchase on this Website, or your purchase of products available on this Website. This Agreement includes, and incorporates by this reference, the policies and guidelines referenced below. BookMatrimonialad.com reserves the right to change or revise the terms and conditions of this Agreement at any time by posting any changes or a revised Agreement on this Website.
BookMatrimonialad.com encourages you to review this Agreement whenever you visit the Website to make sure that you understand the terms and conditions governing use of the Website.
If you do not agree or have objection to this Agreement (including any referenced policies or guidelines), please immediately terminate your use of the Website.
SERVICES
Terms of Offer. This Website offers for sale certain products (the "Services"). By placing an order for Services through this Website, you agree to the terms set forth in this Agreement.
Customer Solicitation:
Unless you notify our third party call center reps or direct BookMatrimonialad.com sales reps, while they are calling you, of your desire to opt out from further direct company communications and solicitations, you are agreeing to continue to receive further emails and call solicitations BookMatrimonialad.com and its designated in house or third party call team(s). Opt Out Procedure: We provide 3 easy ways to opt out of from future solicitations.
a) You may use the opt out link found in any email solicitation that you may receive.
b) You may also choose to opt out, via sending your email address to: Info@BookMatrimonialad.com
c) You may send a written remove request to BookMatrimonialad.com.
Proprietary Rights.
BookMatrimonialad.com has proprietary rights and trade secrets in the Products. You may not copy, reproduce, resell or redistribute any Product manufactured and/or distributed by BookMatrimonialad.com.
BookMatrimonialad.com also has rights to all trademarks and trade dress/DESIGN and specific layouts of this webpage, including calls to action, text placement, images and other information.
You are responsible for paying all charges/ fees associated with the use of http://BookMatrimonialad.com.com and shall be liable to pay any and all applicable taxes, charges, cess(es) etc. which may be levied.
WEBSITE
Content; Intellectual Property; Third Party Links:
In addition to making Products available, this Website also offers information and marketing materials. This Website also offers information, both directly and through indirect links to third-party websites. BookMatrimonialad.com does not always create the information offered on this Website; instead the information is often gathered from other sources. To the extent that BookMatrimonialad.com does create the content on this Website, such content is protected by intellectual property laws of the India, foreign nations, and international bodies. Unauthorized use of the material may violate copyright, trademark, and/or other laws.
You acknowledge that your use of the content on this Website is for personal, noncommercial use. Any links to third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. BookMatrimonialad.com does not endorse the contents on any such third-party websites. BookMatrimonialad.com is not responsible for the content of or any damage that may result from your access to or reliance on these third-party websites. If you link to third-party websites, you do so at your own risk.
Use of Website; BookMatrimonialad.com is not responsible for any damages resulting from use of this website by anyone. You will not use the Website for illegal purposes.
You will:
a) abide by all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations in your use of the Website (including laws regarding intellectual property),
b) not interfere with or disrupt the use and enjoyment of the Website by other users,
c) not resell material on the Website,
d) not engage, directly or indirectly, in transmission of "spam", chain letters, junk mail or any other type of unsolicited communication, and
e) not defame, harass, abuse, or disrupt other users of the Website
License:
By using this Website, you are granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the content and materials on the Website in connection with your normal, noncommercial, use of the Website. You may not copy, reproduce, transmit, distribute, or create derivative works of such content or information without express written authorization from BookMatrimonialad.com or the applicable third party (if third party content is at issue).
Posting
By posting, storing, or transmitting any content on the Website, you hereby grant BookMatrimonialad.com a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, assignable, right and license to use, copy, display, perform, create derivative works from, distribute, have distributed, transmit and assign such content in any form, in all media now known or hereinafter created, anywhere in the world. BookMatrimonialad.com does not have the ability to control the nature of the user-generated content offered through the Website. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Website and any content you post. BookMatrimonialad.com is not liable for any damage or harm resulting from any posts by or interactions between users.
BookMatrimonialad.com reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor interactions between and among users of the Website and to remove any content BookMatrimonialad.com deems objectionable, in sole discretion.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
Your use of this website and/or products are at your sole risk. The website and products are offered on an "as is" and "as available" basis. BookMatrimonialad.com expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement with respect to the products or website content, or any reliance upon or use of the website content or products. ("products" include trial products.)
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, BookMatrimonialad.com makes no warranty:
That the information provided on this website is accurate, reliable, complete, or timely.
That the links to third-party websites are to information that is accurate, reliable, complete, or timely.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from this website will create any warranty not expressly stated herein.
As to the results that may be obtained from the use of the products or that defects in products will be corrected.
Regarding any products purchased or obtained through the website.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
BookMatrimonialad.com ENTIRE LIABILITY, AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, IN LAW, IN EQUITY, OR OTHWERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE CONTENT AND PRODUCTS AND/OR FOR ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT IS SOLELY LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID, LESS SHIPPING AND HANDLING, FOR PRODUCTS PURCHASED VIA THE WEBSITE.
BookMatrimonialad.com will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages in connection with this agreement or the products in any manner, including liabilities resulting from:
a) the use or the inability to use the website content or products;
b) the cost of procuring substitute products or content;
c) any products purchased or obtained or transactions entered into through the website; or
d) any lost profits you allege.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages so some of the above limitations may not apply to you.
INDEMNIFICATION
You will release, indemnify, defend and hold harmless BookMatrimonialad.com, and any of its contractors, agents, employees, officers, directors, shareholders, affiliates and assigns from all liabilities, claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, of third parties relating to or arising out of
a) this Agreement or the breach of your warranties, representations and obligations under this Agreement;
b) the Website content or your use of the Website content;
c) the Products or your use of the Products (including Trial Products);
d) any intellectual property or other proprietary right of any person or entity;
e) your violation of any provision of this Agreement; or
f) any information or data you supplied to BookMatrimonialad.com.
When BookMatrimonialad.com is threatened with suit or sued by a third party, BookMatrimonialad.com may seek written assurances from you concerning your promise to indemnify BookMatrimonialad.com; your failure to provide such assurances may be considered by BookMatrimonialad.com to be a material breach of this Agreement.
BookMatrimonialad.com will have the right to participate in any defense by you of a third-party claim related to your use of any of the Website content or Products, with counsel of BookMatrimonialad.com choice at its expense.
BookMatrimonialad.com will reasonably cooperate in any defense by you of a third-party claim at your request and expense. You will have sole responsibility to defend BookMatrimonialad.com against any claim, but you must receive BookMatrimonialad.com prior written consent regarding any related settlement. The terms of this provision will survive any termination or cancellation of this Agreement or your use of the Website or Products.
PRIVACY
Please refer to BookMatrimonialad.com privacy policy, incorporated by reference herein; that is posted on the Website.
AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND
AMENDMENT TO USER(S) AGREEMENT
By using this Website or ordering Products, you acknowledge and warrant that you have read and agree to be bound by this Agreement and all terms and conditions on this Website.
BookMatrimonialad.com may change, modify, amend, or update this agreement from time to time without any prior notification to user(s) and the amended and restated terms and conditions of use shall be effective immediately on posting. If you do not adhere to the changes, you must stop using the service. Your continuous use of the service will signify your acceptance of the changed terms.
EXTERNAL LINKS
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of the website owner and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk.
GENERAL:
Force Majeure:
BookMatrimonialad.com will not be deemed in default hereunder or held responsible for any cessation, interruption or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder due to earthquake, flood, fire, storm, natural disaster, act of God, war, terrorism, armed conflict, labor strike, lockout, or boycott.
Cessation of Operation:
BookMatrimonialad.com may at any time, in its sole discretion and without advance notice to you, cease operation of the Website and distribution of the Products.
Entire Agreement:
This Agreement comprises the entire agreement between you and BookMatrimonialad.com and supersedes any prior agreements pertaining to the subject matter contained herein.
Waiver
The failure of BookMatrimonialad.com to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of this Agreement remain in full force and effect.
Governing Law:
This Website originates from the New Delhi. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the National Capital Territory of Delhi without regard to its conflict of law principles to the contrary.
Jurisdiction:
Neither you nor BookMatrimonialad.com will commence or prosecute any suit, proceeding or claim to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, to recover damages for breach of or default of this Agreement, or otherwise arising under or by reason of this Agreement, other than in courts located in Delhi. By using this Website or ordering Products, you consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts in connection with any action, suit, proceeding or claim arising under or by reason of this Agreement. You hereby waive any right to trial by jury arising out of this Agreement and any related documents.
Termination
BookMatrimonialad.com reserves the right to terminate your access to the Website if it reasonably believes, in its sole discretion, that you have breached any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Following termination, you will not be permitted to use the Website and BookMatrimonialad.com may, in its sole discretion and without advance notice to you, cancel any outstanding orders for Products.
If your access to the Website is terminated, BookMatrimonialad.com reserves the right to exercise whatever means it deems necessary to prevent unauthorized access of the Website. This Agreement will survive indefinitely unless and until BookMatrimonialad.com chooses, in its sole discretion and without advance to you, to terminate it.
You may not assign your rights and obligations under this Agreement to anyone, BookMatrimonialad.com may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement in its sole discretion and without advance notice to you.
BY USING THIS WEBSITE OR ORDERING PRODUCTS FROM THIS WEBSITE YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
https://www.bookmatrimonialad.com/term-condition.php