PLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR SERVICE
This Agreement is between Shenzhen Rayvision Technology Co., Ltd. ("Rayvision") and you ("you" or "Customer"), as an authorized user of Rayvision Render Services, and governs the terms and conditions of your use of Render Services. This Agreement, together with any operating rules, policies, price schedules, or other supplemental documents expressly incorporated herein by reference and published from time to time by Rayvision (collectively, the "Agreement"), constitutes the entire agreement between Rayvision and you regarding Render Services, and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties regarding the subject matter of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, "Render Services" or "Services" are defined as any and all services provided by Rayvision to you either now or in the future. By using Rayvision Services, you confirm your acceptance of, and agree to be bound by, this Agreement.
Definition of Terms
a. Rayvision Render Farm is referred to herein as “Rayvision," "we," "us," or "our."
b. You, as the user, are referred to herein as "you," "user," "subscriber," "client," or "customer."
c. The equipment and software owned, leased, used by, or maintained for or by Rayvision are referred to herein as "system."
d. User files, directory, and file content are referred to herein as user files.
e. User file uploaded in and/or gathered by Rayvision's system about the user, user's files, and user's system usage (user's meta-information) are referred to herein as "user data."
Description of Service
Rayvision is in the business of providing web-based render services. It is our goal to provide you with the best access possible to online computing resources available through the Internet. Our business depends upon it and Rayvision is strongly motivated to achieve success. We want you to have the best possible experience in dealing with online render farm and using Rayvision's services.
Registration
To use the Service, you must register on your behalf. As part of the registration process for the Service, you agree to: (1) provide certain limited information about you as prompted to do so by the Service (such information to be current, complete and accurate) and (2) maintain and update this information as required to keep it current, complete and accurate. The information requested on original signup shall be referred to as registration data ("Registration Data"). If Rayvision discovers that any of your Registration Data is inaccurate, incomplete or not current, Rayvision may terminate your right to access and receive the service immediately upon notice. Rayvision will evaluate the registration application in good faith and will notify you in a timely manner regarding acceptance or rejection. Rayvision may reject a registration application if it determines, in its sole discretion that the user is not an appropriate subscriber or user of the Service. Rayvision reserves the right to refuse the Service to any user who has canceled any number of previous Service accounts.
Incomplete Signup Emails
If you begin the sign up process for Rayvision Services but fail to complete the process, Rayvision may contact you one time via email in an effort to help successfully guide you through this process. You hereby authorize Rayvision to make such contact, even if you ultimately determine not to sign up for Rayvision Services.
Non-Transferable Membership
Rayvision grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the products and software contained in or made available through the Service (the "Content") solely for your own internal purposes. All rights not expressly granted by Rayvision to you are retained.
User Accounts
A user account is required to access the Service and may be accessed and used only by those authorized individuals who are registered with Rayvision. To open a user account, you or your company must complete the registration process by providing Rayvision with current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the registration form. In registering for the Service, you agree to submit accurate, current and complete information about you and promptly update such information. Should Rayvision suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete; Rayvision has the right to suspend or terminate your usage of the Service. You will choose a personal, non-transferable password. User accounts cannot be "shared" or used by more than one individual.
Payment of Fees
Rayvision offers its Service, as described on the Rayvision website ( www.rayvision.com ) and as published within the Service, for Render service charges(the "Fees") which you will pay to Rayvision by authorized credit card through PayPal or wire transfer. The Fees applicable for the Service are available at www.rayvision.com and as published within the Service. Rayvision reserves the right to change the Fees or applicable charges and to institute new charges at any time, upon thirty (30) days prior notice to you (which will be sent by email). If you believe Rayvision has charged you incorrectly, you must contact Rayvision no later than 7days after the render task is done, in order to receive an adjustment or credit. Inquiries should be directed to Rayvision's Customer Service Department ( service@rayvision.com ).
Trial Offers, Coupons, Credits and Special Offers
Rayvision reserves the right to discontinue or modify coupons, credits and special promotional offers at our discretion. The Free Trial offer new, registered user $50 for free trial usage of the service. You can also buy credits for formal render; render will be paused once your account has insufficient funds. System will not charge you if the render fails.
Software Installation and Uninstallation
Rayvision will not guarantee the usage of any software and/or installation program with the same name with Rayvision’s released by any third party without Rayvision’s authorization and it is not responsible for any damage from using such kinds of software and/or installation programs.
Rayvision may develop different versions of software based on its clients’ needs; you should download and install the right version according to your practical need.
Please install the software correctly according to its installation instructions.
If you do not need the software, please uninstall it. You can download relative software and their latest versions from our official website www.rayvision.com Rayvision will not guarantee the usage of any software and/or installation program with the same name with Rayvision’s released by any third party without Rayvision’s authorization and it is not responsible for any damage from using such kinds of software and/or installation programs.Rayvision may develop different versions of software based on its clients’ needs; you should download and install the right version according to your practical need.Please install the software correctly according to its installation instructions.If you do not need the software, please uninstall it.
Termination
Rayvision, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account or use of the Service and remove and discard any Data within the Service if you fail to comply with this Agreement. You may terminate your user account upon notice to Rayvision at any time; however, you will not receive a refund of any portion of your fees paid to Rayvision. Upon termination by Rayvision or at your direction, you may request a file of your Data on the premise that Rayvision still have your Data. You must make such request at the notification of termination to receive such file within (30) days of termination. Upon termination of an account, your right to use such account and the Service immediately ceases. Rayvision shall have no obligation to maintain any Data stored in your account or to forward any Data to you or any third party.
Proprietary Rights
Rayvision retains intellectual property rights of all materials in this website (www.foxrenderfarm.com), except the following:
(1) Data uploaded by customers using Rayvision rendering service;
(2) Output data rendered by Rayvision from customers’ data upload.
All products, technologies and programs on this website (www.foxrenderfarm.com) are the intellectual property of Rayvision. Without permission and authorization of Rayvision, no one may use these products, technologies and programs for any purpose by, including but not limited to, illegally copying, transmitting, displaying, mirroring, uploading, and downloading, or intervene in the normal service provision of Rayvision via unconventional methods (e.g. malicious intervention of Google data). No one may illegally obtain Rayvision data using software program. Otherwise, Rayvision reserves the right to pursue legal liability.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify Rayvision and its subsidiaries and related companies for all claims, damages, direct or indirect losses and causes of action (including attorneys’ fees, court costs and other reasonable expenses) arising out of or relating to your breach of contract and other illegal behavior, etc., in the process of using Rayvision products and services.
Data Retention Period
Rayvision only provides data rendering services and does not assume the obligation of long-term data storage. Customers should download and save data upon rendering completion as soon as possible. Rayvision will automatically delete customers’ file assets in 20 days upon rendering completion.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Rayvision makes no representation, warranty, or guaranty as to the reliability, timeliness, quality, suitability, truth, availability, accuracy or completeness of the service or any content. Rayvision does not represent or warrant that: (i) the use of the service will be timely, uninterrupted or error-free or operate in combination with any other hardware, software, system or data, (ii) the service will meet your requirements or expectations, (iii) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your requirements or expectations, (iv) errors or defects will be corrected, (v) the service or the servers that make the service available are free of viruses or other harmful components. The service and all content is provided to you strictly on an "as is" basis. All conditions, representations and warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of third party rights, are hereby disclaimed to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law by Rayvision.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Rayvision's aggregate liability exceed the amount actually paid by you immediately preceding the event giving rise to such claim. In no event shall Rayvision be liable to anyone for any indirect, punitive, special, exemplary, incidental, consequential or other damages of any type or kind (including loss of data, revenue, profits, use or other economic advantage) arising out of, or in any way connected with this service, including but not limited to your use or inability to use the service, or for any content obtained from or through the service, even if Rayvision has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages.
Additional Rights
Certain states and/or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the exclusions set forth above may not apply to you.
Local Laws and Export Control
Rayvision controls and operates this Service from its location in area of People's Republic of China and is subject to the Regulations on Technology Import and Export Administration of the People's Republic of China. Rayvision makes no representation that the Service is appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use the Service from outside People's Republic of China, you are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, including without limitation export and import regulations of other countries. Any diversion of the Content contrary to People's Republic of China law is prohibited. None of the Content, nor any information acquired through the use of the Service, is or will be acquired for, shipped, transferred, or re-exported, directly or indirectly, to proscribed or embargoed countries or their nationals, nor is or will be used for nuclear activities, chemical biological weapons, or missile projects, unless specifically authorized by the People's Republic of China Government for such purposes. You shall comply strictly with all People's Republic of China export laws and assume sole responsibility for obtaining licenses to export or re-export as may be required.
Modification to Terms
Rayvision reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of this Agreement or its policies relating to the Service at any time and shall notify you by posting an updated version of this Agreement on the Service and/or by sending you an email message. You are responsible for regularly reviewing this Agreement. Continued use of the Service after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
General
This Agreement will be governed by People's Republic of China law, without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction. You shall bring all disputes, actions, claims, or causes of action related to this Agreement or in connection with the Service only in People's Republic of China. No text or information set forth on any other purchase order, preprinted form or document shall add to or vary the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then such provision(s) shall be construed, as nearly as possible, to reflect the intentions of the invalid or unenforceable provision(s), with all other provisions remaining in full force and effect. No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Rayvision as a result of this agreement or use of the Service. The failure of Rayvision to enforce any right or provision in this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by Rayvision in writing. Rayvision has the right to assign any or all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement at any time. This Agreement comprises the entire agreement between you and Rayvision and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions or agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties regarding the subject matter contained herein.
Shenzhen Rayvision Technology Co., Ltd.
Terms of Service
https://www.foxrenderfarm.com/term-of-service.html