Term and Condition
These Terms and Conditions of Service (“Terms of Service”) your purchases and use of products and services (the “Services”) available through the Jansober Site. The Jansober Site are operated by Jansober.
By accessing or using the Service on the Jansober Site, or purchasing or using products or services through the Jansober Site, you acknowledge and agree to be bound by these terms (the ”Agreement”) as follows:
Overview
These Terms of Service have been executed and delivered by you and constitute a valid and binding agreement between you and Jansober, enforceable against you in accordance with their terms.
If you are under 18, your parent or guardian must enter into this Agreement on your behalf, and will be responsible for your use of and access to the Service; this includes financial responsibility for any items you purchase through the Service. Any use or access to the Service by anyone under 13 is strictly prohibited and in violation of this Agreement. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Service or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we learn that we have collected personal information from anyone under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
Purchase and use the products and services available through the Jansober Site (“Products” or “Vouchers”), in strict compliance with these Terms of Service and all applicable laws, rules and regulations (collectively, “Laws”). All emails and other communications between you and Jansober may be recorded.
By subsequently using this site, you agree to abide by each of those terms and conditions of service.
Data integrity
You represent that all of the information, data and other materials you provide to Jansober are true, accurate, current and complete. You are responsible for updating and correcting the information you have provided to Jansober by updating the information on the account you may establish on http://www.jansober.com.
Privacy Policy
A copy of the Privacy Policy that applies to the collection, use, disclosure and other processing of personal information by Jansober is located at www.jansober.com/privacy. You consent to any personal information we may obtain about you (either via the Jansober Site, by email, telephone or any other means) being collected, stored and otherwise processed in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy. Jansober may update its Privacy Policy from time to time, in its sole discretion, and post an updated version of the notice at the website address provided above.
Currency
We use Rupiah (IDR), the currency of Indonesia, for any payment and/or charge onto your credit card. Prices shown in the Site may be displayed in a foreign currency but we will use Rupiah (IDR) as the transaction price charged instead based on the conversion rate of such foreign currency into Rupiah (IDR) applicable in our bank.
Trademarks and Copyrights
The trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the Site are the property of Jansober or its licensors or content providers, or other parties. Users or any parties acting on their behalf are prohibited from using any Marks for any purpose including, but not limited to use as meta tags on other pages or Site without the written permission of Jansober or such third party which may own the Marks. You may not use frames or utilize framing techniques or technology to enclose any content included on the Site without Jansober’s express written consent. Further, you may not utilize any Site content in any meta tags or any other “hidden text” techniques or technologies without Jansober’s express written consent. All content (including any software programs) available on or through the Site is protected by copyright, trademark and other applicable Republic of Indonesia and foreign laws.
Force Majeure
Jansober shall be excused from performance under the Terms of Service, to the extent it is prevented from or delayed from performing, in whole or in part, as a result of an event or series of events caused by or resulting from (1) weather conditions or other elements of nature or acts of God, (2) acts of war, acts of terrorism, insurrection, riots, civil disorders or rebellion, (3) changes in the applicable laws and regulations or specified policy by the Government of the Republic of Indonesia, or (4) other causes beyond the reasonable control of Jansober. In the event that Jansober is temporarily unable to ship to you a purchased item because of such an event, Jansober will give you the option of deferring shipment or receiving a refund of your charges.
Third Party Links
The Service may contain links to third-party website, advertisers, services, special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by Jansober. Jansober does not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third-party Site, information, materials, products, or services. If you access a third party website from the Service, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that this Agreement and Jansober’s Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such Site. You expressly relieve Jansober from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website, service, or content. Additionally, your dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers found on the Service, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as warranties) are solely between you and such advertisers. You agree that Jansober shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such advertisers.
Access to Password Protected Site Features
Access to and use of password-protected areas of the Site is restricted to authorized users only. You are responsible for protecting your login credentials, including any password. You agree that you will be responsible for any and all statements made, and acts or omissions that occur, through the use of your login credentials. If you have any reason to believe or become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of your login credentials, notify Jansober immediately. Jansober may assume that any communications we receive from your email or other address, or communications that are associated with your login credentials or your account on this Site, have been made by you unless we receive notice indicating otherwise.
DISCLAIMER/NO WARRANTY
The Service and any Product or Service you may purchase through the Service are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Use of the Service is at your own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, The Service and the Products are provided without warranties of any kind. whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Without limiting the forgoing, Jansober, its subsidiaries, and its licensors do not warrant that the content is accurate, reliable or correct; that the service or the products will meet your requirements; that the service will be available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted or secure; that any defects or errors will be corrected; or that the service is free of viruses or other harmful components. Any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Service is downloaded at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from such download or your use of the Service.
Jansober does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any Product or Service advertised or offered by a third party through the Jansober Service or any hyperlinked website or service, and Jansober will not be a party to or in any way monitor any transaction between you and third-party providers of Product or Services.
We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Member Content posted or sent over the Site, or Service. You shall be solely responsible for your Member Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it, and you agree that we are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your Member Content. You understand and agree that you may be exposed to Member Content that is inaccurate, objectionable, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose, and you agree that we shall not be liable for any damages you incur or allege to incur as a result of Member Content.
Entire Agreement
These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of between you and Jansober regarding the specific matters herein, and all prior agreements, letters, proposals, discussions and other documents regarding the matters herein are superseded and merged into these Terms of Service.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms of Service enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and such provision shall be deemed to be restated to reflect the parties’ original intentions as nearly as possible in accordance with applicable laws.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
If you choose to access this Site from outside of Indonesia, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms of Service will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Indonesia, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. If any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be inconsistent and contrary to such laws, such provision shall be therefore null and void or unenforceable, with all other provisions remaining in full force and effect.
Any disputes or discrepancies which arise in relation to the use of this Site shall be settled amicably. In the event such disputes or discrepancies could not be settled amicably, the parties hereby agree to settle such disputes or discrepancies through the District Court of West Jakarta, Indonesia.
Modification of Terms of Service
You acknowledge and agree that Jansober may, in its sole discretion, modify, add or remove any portion of these Terms of Service at any time and in any manner, by posting revised Terms of Service on the Site. You may not amend or modify these Terms of Service under any circumstances. The current version of these Terms of Service is available at Jansober website. It is your responsibility to check periodically for any changes we make to the Terms of Service. Your continued use of this Site after any changes to the Terms of Service means you accept the changes.
Assignment
You may not assign these Terms of Service (or any rights, benefits or obligations hereunder) by operation of law or otherwise without the prior written consent of Jansober, which may be withheld at Jansober’s sole discretion. Any attempted assignment that does not comply with these Terms of Service shall be null and void. Jansober may assign the Terms of Service, in whole or in part, to any third party in its sole discretion.
Effective Date 30th April 2018
https://www.jansober.com/pages/term-and-condition