Terms of Service
Overview
By using BetterTrends.com for the transaction, the use of a service on this website or merely browsing the website, you agree that you have gone through the terms and privacy policy mentioned below and agree to them with a clear understanding. Better Trends shall not be required to notify you about any changes made to the terms and privacy policy. The revised terms shall be updated on the website. Please read the terms and conditions carefully before accessing or using any services provided by the website.
1 Online Store Terms
By agreeing to our terms of services, you acknowledge you are at least age of maturity in the province or state of residence and you have given consent to us to allow any of your minor dependent to use this website.
You may not use our products to violate any laws in your jurisdiction or for any unauthorized or illegal purpose.
You must not transmit any worms or destructive nature codes or viruses.
Any violation or breach of the terms by you gives us the right to immediately terminate our services to you.
2. General Conditionser
Better Trends reserve the right to refuse services to anyone for any reason at any time.
The content other than your credit card information may get transferred unencrypted and also involve transmission over other networks as well.
You will not reproduce, copy, duplicate, resell or exploit any service or portion of the service, including the use and access to the service or any contact through which the service is provided.
3. Completeness, Timeliness, and Accuracy of Information
We are not responsible for inaccurate, incomplete or non-current information on our site. You understand that the information provided is for general information only and should not be used solely to make decisions. We reserve the right to revise or update the content on this website at any time, and we have no obligation to update any information on our website.
4. Service and Price Modification
The product price on our website is subject to change without notice.
We hold the right to discontinue or modify services (or any content or part of service) at any time without notice.
We shall not be liable to any third-party or you for any revision, price change, discontinuance or suspension of the service.
5. Accuracy of Account and Billing Information
We hold the right to decline any service request or order you may place with us. Quantities purchased per order may get limited or canceled within our sole discretion.
We may attempt to notify you about the canceled order by contacting the phone number/billing address or/and e-mail address provided at the time the order was made.
6. Personal Information
The personal information you share with us is governed by our privacy policy.
7. Optional Tools and Third-Party Links
The third-party tools access provided on our site is neither controlled nor monitored by us.
We shall have no liability relating to or arising from your use of those optional third-party tools.
The use and access to these third-party tools are entirely at your own discretion and risk. You shall use them only after approving the terms of tools provided by the third-party provider.
Certain products, content and services are available via third parties.
The third-party links on this site may redirect you to third-party websites that may not be affiliated with us. We do not evaluate their content or accuracy and are not responsible for their materials, website content and services.
8. Prohibited Uses
All users, in addition to the other prohibitions stated in the Terms of Service, are forbidden from using the site or its content: (i) for any illegal intent; (ii) to influence others to participate or perform any illegal act; (iii) to violate any state, provincial, federal, or international law, regulations, rules, or any local ordinance; (iv) to violate or infringe upon the intellectual property rights of us or others; (v) to abuse, harass, harm, insult, discriminate, intimidate, disparage, slander, or defame based on disability, national origin, age, race, ethnicity, religion, gender, or sexual orientation; (vi) to track or collect personal information of others, (vii) to spam, scrape, crawl, spider, pretext, pharm, or phish; (viii)to submit misleading or false information; (ix) for any immoral or obscene purpose; (x) to circumvent or interfere with the security features of service, any related site, or the internet. We hold the right to end the service or any other site usage if you are found violating the above mentioned prohibited uses.
9. Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer of Warranties
The uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free use of our service is not guaranteed, represented or warranted by us.
We do not warrant accurate or reliable results that may be obtained from the use of our service.
You acknowledge that the service may get removed or cancel for indefinite period at any time without notifying you.
The content on this website is offered “as is” without any implied warranties of merchantability, non-violation of intellectual property, or any particular purpose fitness. We do not warrant the usefulness, accuracy or completeness of the information, graphics, text, links or items included within these materials.
To the maximum extent permitted by the law, in no case shall us be liable for any loss, non-personal injury, or claim, or any indirect, direct, consequential or indirect damages of any kind, including, without any limitation lost revenue, lost savings, lost profits, loss of data, cost of replacement, or similar damages, whether based in tort (negligence included), contract, strict liability, or resulted from your use of any of the service, or any product procured using the service, any other claim that may be related to your use of the service or any product on this site, including, but not restricted to, omissions or errors in any content, or any damage or loss procured based on the use of the service or any product or content posted, made available via the service, or transmitted.
10. International Use
The users who avail our services from outside the United States and are not a resident of the United States, acknowledge the transfer of certain information to us outside your home country and will abide all the laws that apply to you.
11. Governing Law
The terms of Service and any other agreement through which we offer you services shall be interpreted in accordance with and ruled by the laws of the Washington state.
12. Entire Agreement
In case of a failure of us to enforce or exercise any provision or right of these Terms of Service shall not make renunciation of such provision or right.
It is your responsibility to check the site for any changes in the Terms of Service, which can be reviewed at any time on this page.
https://bettertrends.com/term-and-conditions/