You agree not to access, or attempt to access, the Service by any means other than through the user interface provided through the Site and through your business account. You specifically agree not to do, or attempt to do, any of the following acts or to assist, authorize or become involved with any third party doing or attempting to do any of the following acts: (a) access the Service through any automated means (including, without limitation, through the use of scripts, bots, spiders or web crawlers), (b) breach our security measures, (c) interfere, interrupt, or disrupt the use, access, or operation of the Service, (d) decipher, decompile, disassemble, hack, change, modify or reverse engineer the Service (e) attack the Service, including a denial of service attack, (f) gain unauthorized access to the Service, accounts, servers, or any systems or networks connected to the Service (g) use the Service to develop, generate, transmit or store information that is defamatory, harmful, abusive, obscene or hateful; (h) use the Service to perform any unsolicited commercial communication not permitted by applicable law (i) use the Service to engage in any activity that (A) constitutes harassment or a violation of privacy or threatens other people or groups of people; (B) is harmful to children in any manner; or (C) constitutes phishing, pharming or impersonates any other person or entity, or steals or assumes any person’s identity (whether a real identity or online nickname or alias).
Licensed Partners may only purchase products as inventory for their own business for sale or distribution direct to consumers. Licensed Partners are not authorized to sell or distribute products to other businesses or eye care practices, or to individuals with the intent of reselling. Licensed Partners are authorized to sell products only to consumers and only through their own business storefront or business website. In no event shall Licensed Partners sell or distribute products through any third-party store, website or marketplace, including on Amazon.com or eBay.com. In purchasing products through the Site, you agree and understand that if OASIS discovers that you are selling products through unauthorized means or channels, that OASIS shall have the right to terminate your account with OASIS and/or to initiate takedowns or other appropriate action to stop the unauthorized sales, with no reimbursement or payment to you. Furthermore, in no event should the failure of OASIS to detect, takedown, or terminate unauthorized sales be deemed as OASIS’s consent to or acquiescence to such sales, or be deemed a waiver of any of OASIS’s rights against such unauthorized sales.
If you purchase any products through the Service and you use them, transport them, sell them or otherwise distribute them outside of the U.S., in violation of these Terms of Service, you will be solely responsible for violations of any local law.
This section is deemed to be a written agreement to arbitrate pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, and we and you intend that this section satisfies the writing requirement of the Federal Arbitration Act. We believe that arbitration is a faster, more convenient and less expensive way to resolve any disputes or disagreements that you may have with us. Therefore, pursuant to these Terms of Service, if you have any dispute or disagreement with us regarding (i) your use of or interaction with the Service, (ii) any data or information you may enter into the Service or that we may gather in connection with such use or interaction, you will not have the right to pursue a claim in court, or have a jury decide the claim, and you will not have the right to bring or participate in any class action or similar proceeding in court or in arbitration. By using or interacting with the Service, you agree to binding arbitration as provided below.
You and OASIS agree that, except as provided below, all disputes, controversies and claims related to this Terms of Service (each a “Claim”), shall be finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration, which may be initiated by either party by sending a written notice requesting arbitration to the other party. Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other. The arbitration will be conducted under the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS or its successor that are in effect at the time the arbitration is initiated (the “JAMS Rules”) and under the terms set forth in this Terms of Service. In the event of a conflict between the terms set forth in this Terms of Service and the JAMS Rules, the terms in this Terms of Service will control and prevail.
Except as otherwise set forth in these Terms of Service, you may seek any remedies available to you under federal, state or local laws in an arbitration action. As part of the arbitration, both you and OASIS will have the opportunity for discovery of non-privileged information that is relevant to the Claim. The arbitrator will provide a written statement of the arbitrator’s decision regarding the Claim, the award given and the arbitrator’s findings and conclusions on which the arbitrator’s decision is based. The determination of whether a Claim is subject to arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and determined by a court rather than an arbitrator. Except as otherwise provided in this Terms of Service, (a) you and OASIS may litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending arbitration, or confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator; and (b) the arbitrator’s decision shall be final, binding on all parties and enforceable in any court that has jurisdiction, provided that any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to follow applicable law.
https://www.oasismedical.com/term-and-conditions