Privacy Policy
This privacy policy helps website visitors understand how Wedding Fusion Imagery(www.weddingfusionimagery.com) uses personally identifiable information.
Personally, identifiable information is data that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a person, or to identify an individual in context. This privacy policy provides information about how wedding fusion imagery collects, uses, and protects personally identifiable information received from this website. This privacy policy information was last modified on 1st April 2020. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED When ordering products, services, or when completing forms on this website, you may be asked to provide your name, email address, phone number, and other personal details. This data allows us to contact you so that I can provide you with additional information about our service or for various other purposes.
COLLECTING INFORMATION I will sometimes collect personally identifiable information when you call via telephone, send an email, complete a form, subscribe to a newsletter, or when you provide feedback about products or services. HOW INFORMATION IS USED Your personally identifiable information can be used to: improve this website to better serve you and other clients. This website is also hosted on a server that is frequently updated with the latest security patches. Industry-standard firewalls are also in place. INFORMATION SHARING WITH THIRD PARTIES Wedding does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This exclusion does not extend to website hosting partners and other parties that assist in operating this website or serving users. All third-party operators have agreed to keep collected information confidential. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Wedding Fusion Imagery reserves the right to release information to enforce website policies, when required by law, and when needed to protect the rights, property, or safety of others. THIRD-PARTY TRACKING This website uses several third-party tools that track visitor behaviour.
I nformation about those third-party tools is provided below: GOOGLE Some of the tracking tools used by this website may include Google Analytics, Google Search Console, Google Adwords, and Google AdSense Advertising. GOOGLE'S ADVERTISING PRINCIPLES Wedding Fusion Imagery uses Google services to help provide visitors with a positive website experience. This website adheres to all Google AdWords policies. You can also visit Google's Adwords Policy page for more information. GOOGLE ADSENSE ADVERTISING Google is a third-party vendor that uses cookies to serve ads on other websites. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on previous visits to this website and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy. Some of the features that may have been implemented on this website include Remarketing with Google AdSense and Demographics and Interests Reporting.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS This website uses Google Analytics cookies and other third-party identifiers to measure and compile data regarding visitor interactions, ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website. This information cannot be used to identify individual visitors. CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT (COPPA) Wedding Fusion Imagery doesn’t market to children under the age of 13.
Wedding Fusion Imagery may collect your email address to:
send information, respond to inquiries, answer questions, or address other requests process orders and send information or updates related to orders market to a mailing list after an original transaction
Wedding Fusion Imagery will:
use accurate subject lines and valid email addresses identify messages as advertisements include the physical address of Wedding Fusion Imagery provide unsubscribe links in advertising emails If you would like to unsubscribe from future emails, you can contact me and your email will be removed from future advertising correspondence. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION For more information, please contact me any time.
Terms and conditions:
Terms of Service & Conditions of Use OVERVIEW This website is operated by Wedding Fusion Imagery. Throughout the site, the terms "I," "me," “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Wedding Fusion Imagery. Berenice Luceau offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here. By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the website, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/or contributors of content. Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website.
By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service. Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
CONTENT The images and textual content found on this website are the property of and held under the copyright of Combo photo/video wedding Fusion Imagery. They are protected under the U-K. Copyright Law. The images and textual content on this site may not be downloaded or reproduced in any way or used for any personal, editorial, or commercial purpose without the prior written permission of Berenice Luceau. This prohibition includes reproducing, modifying, distributing, or otherwise creating derivative works based on content from this website. ONLINE STORE TERMS By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your country of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws). A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services. GENERAL CONDITIONS We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the service. PRODUCTS OR SERVICES Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy. We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited. We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the service will be corrected to your expectations.
. THIRD-PARTY LINKS Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties. We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made regarding any third-party websites.
you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service. You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you. You expressly agree that your photos being delivered via a cloud gallery "PASS" is a third party and therefore Wedding Fusion Imagery is not liable for any loss of images during their cloud storage.
These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party. GOVERNING LAW These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United Kingdom.
CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes. CONTACT INFORMATION Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us using the contact information found on my contact page.
This document was updated on the 1st of April 2020
GDPR
WEDDING FUSION IMAGERY Data Processing Addendum ‍Effective Date: Dec 31, 2018 ‍
This Data Processing Addendum forms part of and is subject to the provisions of, the wedding fusion imagery Terms of Service.
1. Definitions. The following definitions apply solely to this Data Processing Addendum: a. the terms “controller”, “data subject”, “personal data”, “process,” “processing” and “processor” have the meanings given to these terms in EU Data Protection Law. b. “Breach” means a breach of the security measures resulting in access to Wedding Fusion imagery’s equipment or facilities storing Your Controlled Data and the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Your Controlled Data transmitted, stored or processed by wedding fusion imagery on your behalf and instructions through the Services. c. “Content” means your user content and any content provided to us from your End Users, including without limitation text, photos, images, audio, video, code, and any other materials. d. “EU Data Protection Law” means any data protection or data privacy law or regulation of Switzerland or any European Economic Area (“EEA”) country applicable to Your Controlled Data, including, as applicable, the GDPR and the e-Privacy Directive 2002/58/EC. e. “GDPR” means the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679. f. “Security Measures” means the technical and organizational security measures set out here. g. “Sub-Processor” means an entity engaged by wedding fusion imagery to process Your Controlled Data. h. “Your Controlled Data” means the personal data we process on your behalf and instructions as part of the Services, but only to the extent that you are subject to EU Data Protection Law in respect of such personal data.
Your Controlled Data does not include personal data when controlled by us, including without limitation data we collect (including IP address, device/browser details and web pages visited prior to coming to Your Site) with respect to your End Users’ interactions with Your Site through their browser and technologies like cookies.
2. Applicability. This Data Processing Addendum only applies to you if you or your End Users are data subjects located within the EEA or Switzerland and only applies in respect of Your Controlled Data. You agree that Wedding Fusion Imagery is not responsible for personal data that you have elected to process through Third Party Services or outside of the Services, including the systems of any other third-party cloud services, offline or on-premises storage.
3. Details of Data Processing. 3.1 Subject Matter. The subject matter of the data processing under this Data Processing Addendum is Your Controlled Data. 3.2 Duration. As between you and us, the duration of the data processing under this Data Processing Addendum is determined by you. 3.3 Purpose. The purpose of the data processing under this Data Processing Addendum is the provision of the Services initiated by you from time to time. 3.4 Nature of the Processing. The Services as described in the Terms of Service and initiated by you from time to time. 3.5 Type of Personal Data. Your Controlled Data relating to you, your End Users or other individuals whose personal data is included in Content which is processed as part of the Services in accordance with instructions given through your Account. 3.6 Categories of Data Subjects. You, Your End Users and any other individuals whose personal data is included in Content. ‍
You are responsible for reviewing the information available from us relating to data security pursuant to the Terms of Service and making an independent determination as to whether the Services meet your requirements and legal obligations as well as your obligations under this Data Processing Addendum. Wedding Fusion Imagery will not access or use Your Controlled Data except as provided in the Terms of Service, as necessary to maintain or provide the Services or as necessary to comply with the law or binding order of a governmental, law enforcement or regulatory body. ‍
4. Our Processing Responsibilities. How We Process. We will process Your Controlled Data for the Purpose and in accordance with the Terms of Service or instructions you give us through your Account. the information to be made available by Wedding fusion imagery is limited to solely the information you have given us, taking into account the nature of the Services and the information available to wedding fusion imagery, to assist you in complying with your obligations under the GDPR in respect of data protection impact assessments and prior consultation. You agree that you may be required to agree to a non-disclosure agreement with wedding fusion imagery before we share any such information with you.
‍5. Liability. The liability of each party under this Data Processing Addendum is subject to the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in the Terms of Service. You agree that any regulatory penalties or claims by data subjects or others incurred by wedding fusion imagery in relation to Your Controlled Data that arise as a result of, or in connection with, your failure to comply with your obligations under this Data Processing Addendum or EU Data Protection Law shall reduce wedding fusion imagery’s maximum aggregate liability to you under the Terms of Service in the same amount as the fine and/or liability incurred by us as a result.
6.Conflict. In the event of a conflict between this Data Processing Addendum and the Terms of Service, this Data Processing Addendum will control.
7. Miscellaneous. You are responsible for any costs and expenses arising from wedding fusion imagery’s compliance with your instructions or requests pursuant to the Terms of Service (including this Data Processing Addendum) which fall outside the standard functionality made available by wedding fusion imagery generally through the Services.
http://weddingfusionimagery.com/privacy-policy-term-and-conditions