ISBA Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the ISBA LLC. website ("Intlbca.com"). Any person who access Intlbca.com and uses the services provided on the website has expressly accepted the terms and conditions of this Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement") without change. By using the services of Intlbca.com, you (referred to herein as "Member" or "you" or "your") agree to be bound by all terms and conditions of this Agreement and all policies and guidelines incorporated by reference.
ISBA . (herein "ISBA"), the owner of Intlbca.com and other related sites, reserves the right to change any of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement or any policies or guidelines governing Intlbca.com or its services, at any time and at its sole discretion. ISBA reserves the right to make changes without notice. Such changes will be effective upon posting the revised Agreement on Intlbca.com. Members are encouraged to review the Agreement from time to time for any possible changes. Members should discontinue use of Intlbca.com if they do not agree to any terms of this Agreement.
The Services offered by ISBA ("ISBA " or "we") include the ISBA Website (the "Website") and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by ISBA in connection with the Website (collectively, the "Services"). Intlbca.com is not intended for commercial use.
Use of the services provided by ISBA is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into this Agreement by reference.
Eligibility: Use of and Membership in the Services is void where prohibited. By using the Services, Member represents and warrants that (a) all registration information submitted is truthful and accurate; (b) they will maintain the accuracy of such information; (c) Member is 18 years of age or older; and (d) use of the Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation. All required fields must contain true, accurate, current and complete information. If ISBA believes that untrue, inaccurate, outdated, or incomplete information has been provided, ISBA may immediately, and at their sole discretion, suspend the Member account without notice. All Members are responsible for maintaining and updating their Intlbca.com personal contact information, including, but not limited to information in My Account: About Me, Contact Information, and Trade Settings (when applicable). Please review our Privacy Policy for information about how personal information is stored and used Privacy Policy and Statement: The Intlbca.com Privacy Policy and Statement is available online for review at any time. Changes may be made by ISBA at any time and can be found at the link above. Check the Privacy Policy and Statement frequently for changes. Unless otherwise authorized or consented, information regarding other Members or customers that has been obtained through Intlbca.com or disclosed by ISBA or its affiliates may not be used except to enter into and complete transactions. The use of such information by Members for purposes of solicitation, advertising, unsolicited e-mail or spamming, harassment, invasion of privacy, or otherwise objectionable conduct is prohibited. Please note that when using Trade services on Intlbca.com, some personally identifiable information may be displayed and may be viewed by potential buyers, sellers, or traders. This is information that the Member provides at his or her own risk. The Member agrees all necessary information will be provided upon completion of a transaction. Disclosure of Information: ISBA reserves the right to report any activity that it suspects violates any law or regulation to appropriate law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties. In order to cooperate with governmental requests, to protect ISBA’s systems and customers, or to ensure the integrity and operation of ISBA’s business and systems, ISBA may access and disclose any information it considers necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation, Member contact details, IP address and traffic information, usage history and posted content. By use of ISBA’s website, the Member agrees to such access and disclosure by ISBA. Any personal information the Member chooses to disclose to another Member is at their sole risk. Password: When Members register on Intlbca.com , they will also be asked to choose a password. The Member is entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password. Member agrees not to use the account, username, or password of another Member at any time or to disclose their password to any third party. Member agrees to notify ISBA immediately if they suspect any unauthorized account use or access to the password. The Member is solely responsible for any and all use of the registered account. Member Disputes: Members are solely responsible for their interactions with other ISBA Members. ISBA reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between Members. Investigation: ISBA reserves the right, but assumes no obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with Intlbca.com . ISBA may investigate any reported violation of its policies or complaints and take any action that it deems appropriate. Such action may include, but is not limited to, issuing warnings, suspension or termination of Service, denying access and/or removal of any materials from Intlbca.com , including listings and bids. ISBA reserves the right and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit any content that violates these provisions or is otherwise objectionable. In the event that the Member suffers damages from this investigation in any way, Member agrees that ISBA shall not be liable to Member for such damages, in any circumstances. Fees: A fee is required to participate in certain services through Intlbca.com. Term. Members may terminate membership at any time, for any reason, by contacting us at customerservice@Intlbca.com. ISBA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate access to all or any part of the Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, even after Membership is terminated, by either party, for any reason. Termination: ISBA, in its sole discretion, may terminate this Terms of Service Agreement, access to Intlbca.com or its services, any Forum post, or any current sales or orders immediately without notice for any reason. TRADE:
By entering into this Agreement and offering an item for sale or trade, Member agrees to complete the transaction as described by this Agreement. Member acknowledges that by not fulfilling these obligations, the action or inaction may be legally actionable. Trade on Intlbca.com refers to the opportunity to buy, sell, or trade sports cards or other items with other Intlbca.com Members. Reservation of Rights: ISBA reserves the right to immediately halt any transaction, prevent or restrict access to Intlbca.com, or take any other action to restrict access to or availability of objectionable material, any inaccurate listing, any inappropriately categorized items, any unlawful items, or any items otherwise prohibited by the policies and guidelines outlined in this Agreement. ISBA reserves the right to identify at any time and from time to time particular goods or type of goods as inappropriate for participation on Intlbca.com discretion. No reservation of rights hereunder by ISBA shall imply an obligation on the part of ISBA to exercise such right. Failure to exercise such right at any time shall not be deemed a waiver of ISBA’s right to exercise same at a later date. General Release: Member agrees to indemnify and hold ISBA (and its agents, employees, officers, and directors) harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, causes of action, or damages of any kind, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, and whether arising in tort or contract, in connection with such dispute. FORUMS
The Intlbca.com forums are a free benefit to members of our site. If you are not a member JOIN HERE!
Using the forums on Intlbca.com can be informative, helpful and entertaining. People receive support, learn about ISBA Media, learn about the hobby, share their collecting interests, can find trade partners and make new friends around the world. The forums are a positive and enjoyable experience for everyone. To help make your experience more enjoyable, please read through the following forum guidelines. General Guidelines
. You agree, through your use of this service, that you will not use the ISBA forums to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person’s privacy, or otherwise violates any other laws. You agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you. Although ISBA Media DOES NOT and CANNOT review the messages posted and is NOT responsible for the content of any of these messages, we at ISBA Media reserve the right to delete any post, thread, image, profile, avatar, attachment or signature for any or no reason whatsoever.
a. Messages posted to forums by community members are solely the opinion and responsibility of the person posting the message. Please note that each individual user is responsible for his or her actions on these forums, so please be sure to act appropriately! Members remain solely responsible for the content of their posts, and agree to indemnify and hold harmless, ISBA and its agents, successors and assigns, with respect to any claim based upon transmission of message(s). b. Members may not post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information belonging to others without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. It is the policy of ISBA to terminate Membership privileges of any Member who infringes on the copyright rights of others upon receipt of prompt notification to ISBA by the copyright owner or the copyright owner’s legal agent. Without limiting the foregoing, if a Member believes that work has been copied and posted on the Services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, they may provide the following information to our Copyright Agent: i. an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; ii. a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; iii. a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Website; iv. your address, telephone number, and email address; v. a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; vi. a notarized statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that all information contained in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
ISBA’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows: Copyright Agent, ISBA 1333 West McDermott Drive Suite 150 Allen, Texas 75013.
c. Any violations of ISBA’s policies will result in immediate post removal, written warnings, board sanctions and/or total suspension from the forums. Member posts that are in violation of ISBA’s policy will be removed and the member may be suspended without warning. d. Violations include, but are not limited to: i. Including another individual’s contact information and/or e-mail address in a post (this includes phone numbers, physical addresses, IP addresses, e-mail addresses, etc.) ii. Including profanity, vulgarity, hate speech, disruptive or hostile comments, interpersonal disputes, or threats of violence/harm in a post. iii. Including material (graphic or text) that is obscene, pornographic, or not suitable for a general audience (including sexual references, alcohol or drug discussions, etc.). This may include but is not limited to foul language, sexual references or images, graphic/violent references or images, and drug/alcohol references or images. iv. Any actions that interfere with site operations (including spam). v. Attempting to impersonate ISBA Media staff, site moderators, or other Intlbca.com Members. vi. Encouraging others to violate ISBA Media policies or the ISBA Terms of Service Agreement, including the re-posting of suspended topics or threads or the discussion of warning letters, member violations, banned members, or suspended members. vii. Advertising merchandise, services or commercial Web sites of any kind or posting advertisements, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or solicitations. Violations will result in immediate suspension. viii. Posting e-mail or other electronic communications from private parties. This includes private message conversations, text messages, e-mail, etc. ix. The use of false registration information or creating multiple accounts for use on ISBA Media’s forums for the purpose of disruption will result in permanent suspension of all associated accounts. Only one account is allowed per user, and all other accounts will be permanently suspended. x. Reporters, researchers, and third party representatives emailing any members in their official capacity without prior permission. xi. Posting any copyrighted items without the permission of the copyright owner. This includes posting information from the ISBA Online Price Guides, ISBA Online Checklists, ISBA Price Guides (Monthlies, Plus’, or Annuals) or any other copyrighted material.
Limitation on Liability:In no event will ISBA be liable to Member or any third person for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including also lost profits arising from your use of the Web site or the Service, even if ISBA has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, ISBA’s liability to Member for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by Member to ISBA for the Service during the term of membership. General Release:Unless otherwise specified, ISBA only facilitates transactions between sellers and buyers of goods posted for sale on Intlbca.com. All sale transactions are strictly between the buyer, seller, or other participant. In the event a dispute arises between one or more Members, each releases and agrees to indemnify and hold ISBA (and its agents, employees, officers, and directors) harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, causes of action, or damages of any kind, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, and whether arising in tort or contract, in connection with such dispute. Disputes: Unless otherwise specified, ISBA is not involved in the actual transaction between sellers and buyers and is not the agent of either for any purpose. ISBA will not be involved in resolving any disputes between Members relating to or arising out of any transaction. ISBA urges sellers and buyers to cooperate with each other to resolve such disputes. General Provisions:
. Entire Agreement: This Agreement, including any terms and conditions, attachments or policies incorporated herein by reference, and the general terms and conditions of the Site, including but not limited to the Privacy Policy and Statement and any amendments or addendums incorporated by reference, constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede and cancel all prior and contemporaneous agreements, claims, representations, and understandings of the parties in connection with the subject matter hereof.
No Agency: ISBA is not the agent, fiduciary, trustee, or other representative of you. Nothing expressed or mentioned in or implied from this Terms of Service Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give to any person other than the parties hereto any legal or equitable right, remedy, or claim under or in respect to this Terms of Service Agreement. This Terms of Service Agreement and all of the representations, warranties, covenants, conditions, and provisions hereof are intended to be and are for the sole and exclusive benefit of ISBA, you, and relying buyers or sellers. Severability: If any provision of this Terms of Service Agreement shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. No Waiver: Nothing contained herein shall be construed as a waiver by ISBA of any of our rights or remedies described in this Terms of Service Agreement unless the waiver is in writing and signed by an authorized ISBA agent. No delay or omission by us in exercising our rights or remedies will impair or be construed as a waiver. Any single or partial exercise of a right or remedy will not preclude further exercise of any other right or remedy. ISBA’s failure to enforce the strict performance of any provision of this Terms of Service Agreement will not constitute a waiver of ISBA’s right to subsequently enforce such provision or any other provisions of this Terms of Service Agreement.
Copyrighted Confidential Information: ISBA is the owner of Intlbca.com and all pages therein. All information contained herein is considered confidential and proprietary information and is the product of immeasurable time and skill provided by ISBA and its agents (“Confidential Information”). Member understands that misappropriation of such Confidential Information would cause irreparable damage to ISBA. As a condition of joining Intlbca.com, Member understands that the materials on this site are confidential, proprietary and protected by United States Copyright Laws, and that any unauthorized reproduction, preparation of derivative works, distribution (whether by sale or other transfer of ownership, or by rental, lease or lending), or other display of the copyrighted work publicly, without the express written consent of ISBA is expressly prohibited, and that any violation could expose the user to both criminal and civil liability. No Warranties: Intlbca.com and all Services available therein are provided on an "as is, where is" basis. ISBA makes no representations or warranties express, implied or otherwise, including but not limited to:
. Any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement;
Any guaranty or implied warranty that Intlbca.com or the Services will meet your requirements, will always be available, accessible, uninterrupted, timely, secure, or operate without error; Any guaranty or implied warranty that the information, content, materials, or products included on the site will be as represented by sellers or traders, available for sale, lawful to sell, or that sellers, buyers, or traders will perform as promised; Any implied warranty arising from the course of dealing or usage of Trade services; and Any obligation, liability, right, claim, or remedy in tort, whether or not arising from the negligence of ISBA to the full extent permissible under applicable law, ISBA disclaims any and all such warranties.
Indemnity/Limitation of Liability:
. Indemnity and Defense: You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless ISBA and its affiliates, (and their respective employees, directors, agents, representatives, successors and assigns) from and against any and all claims, costs, losses, damages, judgments, penalties, interest and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of any Claim that arises out of or relates to: (i) any actual or alleged breach of your representations, warranties, or obligations set forth in this Agreement; or (ii) your own website or other sales channels, the products you sell or trade, any content you provide, the advertisement, offer, sale, trade, or return of any products you sell or trade, any actual or alleged infringement of any intellectual property or proprietary rights by any products you sell or trade, or content you provide, or Seller Taxes or the collection, payment or failure to collect or pay Seller Taxes. For purposes hereof: "Claim" means any claim, action, audit, investigation, inquiry or other proceeding instituted by a person or entity; and "Seller Taxes" means any and all sales, use, excise, import, export, value added and other taxes and duties assessed, incurred or required to be collected or paid for any reason in connection with any advertisement, offer or sale of products by you on or through Intlbca.com, or otherwise in connection with any action, inaction or omission of you or any affiliate of yours, or any of your or their respective employees, agents, contractors or representatives.
Limitation of Liability: In no event shall ISBA be liable for damages of any kind, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with this Terms of Service Agreement, even if ISBA has been advised of the possibility of same. Applicable Law: Intlbca.com and the Services are arranged, sponsored, or managed by ISBA in the State of Texas, USA. The laws of the State of Texas govern this Terms of Service Agreement and all of its terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. Member agrees that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions shall be filed only in state or federal court located in Dallas County, Texas and Member hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these terms and conditions. Termination: ISBA, in its sole discretion, may terminate this Agreement, access to Intlbca.com or its Services, or any current transactions immediately, without notice for any reason.
Legal Rights and Remedies. Member understands and agrees that accessing the website in any way constitutes Member’s acceptance of all terms of use as provided herein. Member agrees that the Confidential Information contained on ISBA’s websites is the intellectual property and the confidential and proprietary information of ISBA’s and is not information which is readily available to or accessible by the public. Member agrees not to use any of the Confidential Information for any commercial purpose whatsoever. Such activities include but are not limited to scrapping, downloading, copying or otherwise misappropriating the data. If any of the terms contained herein are violated, Member agrees that a breach of this Agreement has occurred and ISBA is entitled to all legal remedies, including immediate injunctive relief, attorneys’ fees and costs of court. Member consents to Dallas County, Texas as the exclusive venue for any dispute arising out of this Agreement.
Please contact us at: customerservice@Intlbca.com with any questions regarding this Agreement.
https://www.intlbca.com/term-conditions/