TERMS & CONDITIONS
These terms and conditions (“Terms & Conditions”) apply to any websites (each a “Site”) owned or licensed by Copper Beat LLC, its affiliates and partners ("The Copper Door B&B," “us,” “we,” “our”).
Your use of this Site is subject to these Terms & Conditions along with any specific terms and conditions set forth on the individual pages within this Site (collectively, the “Terms & Conditions”) and all applicable regulations and laws, including, but not limited to, those relating to trademark, copyright, and other intellectual property rights. Your submission of information on this Site is subject to The Copper Door B&B Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated into these Terms & Conditions.
PLEASE READ THE TERMS & CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITE. BY ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO ACCEPT, WITHOUT QUALIFICATION OR LIMITATION, ALL OF THE TERMS & CONDITIONS. We reserve the right to amend any section of the Terms & Conditions without notice by posting an amended statement on the Site. Your continued access or use of the Site means that you accept and agree to the revised Terms & Conditions. Please exit the Site immediately if you do not accept these Terms & Conditions (as amended from time to time).
USE OF THE SITE
GENERAL
The services of the Site are not intended for and should not be used by minors. You may only use the services of this Site if you are at least 18 years of age and can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. Additional terms and conditions may apply to reservations, transactions, purchases, activities, or uses that may occur on or through this Site. You agree to comply with these Terms & Conditions and any applicable additional terms and conditions. We may enable you to establish an account with a username and password to access and use the certain areas of the Site, and other services. You are responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your passwords, log-in, and account information. You will be financially accountable for all uses of the Site by you and/or by any third party using your account information. You agree to (a) immediately notify us of any unauthorized use, or any other breach of security, of your password or account, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. It is your sole responsibility to control the dissemination and use of your password, control access to and use of your account, and notify us when you desire to cancel your account. We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision.
Check-In: 3pm-7pm, daily
Check-Out: 11am, daily
Flexible Cancellation Policy
Guests will be charged 50% of the total price after booking if guest cancels reservation 30 days before check-in date and a further 20% of the total price if they cancel within 30 days before arrival.
Non-Refundable Cancellation Policy
Guests will be charged 100% of the total price after booking if guest cancels reservation they will be charged 100% of total price.
Guests Age Policy
We currently only accept guests 18+ of age. We unfortunately do not accommodate infants or children
Non-Smoking Policy
We are a smoke-free venue and a $200 penalty will be charged in the case of evidence of an infraction
https://www.copperdoorbnb.com/term-conditions