Overview
In the event of a conflict between this article and the Universal Terms of Service, the Universal Terms of Service will control.
Policy
Term; Termination; Cancellation Policy
The initial term of this Agreement shall be as set forth in the Order Form or when you signed up for the Services (the “Initial Term”). The Initial Term shall begin upon commencement of the Services. After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew. The Initial Term and all successive renewal periods shall be referred to, collectively, as the “Term.”
ADDITIONALLY, AFTER THE INITIAL TERM, CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES, AGREES AND AUTHORIZES COMPANY TO AUTOMATICALLY BILL AND/OR CHARGE ON CUSTOMER’S CREDIT CARD FOR SUCCESSIVE TERMS OF EQUAL LENGTH AS THE INITIAL TERM, UNLESS TERMINATED OR CANCELLED BY EITHER PARTY AS PROVIDED HEREIN.
This Agreement may be cancelled by Customer upon proper notice to Company, prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Term thereafter. Customer will be subject to a minimum $50.00 charge as an early cancellation fee. If Customer cancels this Agreement, no refund will be provided for unused time on the Account if outside the criteria of the Money Back Guarantee. Customer shall be obligated to pay one hundred percent (100%) of all charges for all Services for each month remaining in the Term. Customer shall be obligated to pay all fees and charges accrued prior to the date of such cancellation. Company may, but is under no obligation to, refund to Customer any pre-paid fees for the Services but only for the full months remaining after effectiveness of cancellation. No partial month fees shall be refunded. Any refund in this manner will be less any setup and/or cancellation fees, regular cost of any “free” services, and any discount(s) applied for prepayment, provided that Customer is not in breach of any terms and conditions of this Agreement or the Policies.
Company may terminate this Agreement in the event of nonpayment by Customer. Company may also terminate, without penalty, if the Services are prohibited by applicable law, or become impractical or unfeasible for any technical, legal or regulatory reason, or as otherwise provided herein. Company will provide Customer as much prior notice as reasonably practicable.
Company may terminate Customer account or access to all or any part of the Services at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately.
Company may immediately terminate this Agreement, without penalty or notice and without refund, if Company, in Company’s sole and absolute discretion or judgment, determines that Customer’s use of the Services or Customer Content violates any Company term or condition of this Agreement or the Policies. or Customer’s use of the Services disrupts, or in Company’s sole and absolute discretion or judgment,
Upon termination of this Agreement for any cause or reason whatsoever, neither party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement, except as expressly set forth herein. The provisions of Sections 5, 7, 14, 15, 16, 24, 25 of shall survive the expiration or termination of for any cause or reason whatsoever, and, notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement, the parties shall each remain liable to the other for any indebtedness or other liability theretofore arising under this Agreement. Termination of this Agreement and retention of pre-paid fees and charges shall be in addition to, and not be in lieu of, any other legal or equitable rights or remedies to which Company may be entitled.
https://legal.inmotionhosting.com/term-termination-cancellation-policy/