Terms and Conditions
This document is a digital record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and policies there under as applicable and the modified rules concerned with electronic records in various forms as amended by the IT Act, 2000. It is issued with reference to the provisions of Rule 3(1) of the IT Guidelines (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require issuing the rules and regulations, Terms of Use, and Privacy Policy for access or usage of Zoyleeplatform (website: www.zoylee.com and Zoylee app for mobile devices and tablets).
Zoylee platform is fully owned and operated by Zoylee Web Services Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and having its registered office at G-43, First Floor, Sector-3, Noida– 201301.
Terms of Use
Amendments and Modifications
Disclaimers
Prices of the services mentioned on the Zoylee website and Mobile apps are inclusive of GST. All business and contractual policies are granted by and agreed to between thevendors and customers. These terms mainly comprise without limitation price, taxes, payment terms, payment channels, time and date of the services and after-sales facilities, if provided by the vendor. Zoylee doesn’t regulate or have any control over the services or acceptance of any commercial/contractual agreements between our vendors and the customers. However, Zoylee may provide support facilities to the vendors as and when required to ensure fulfillment of order and collection of payment under the contractual agreement executed by the company with the vendors. Zoylee doesn’t endorse or ensure warranty of the item-specifics, such as identity, legal titles, patented facilities, creditworthiness, etc. of any vendor listed on the Zoylee platform. You are requested to review and verify the bona fides on your own of the vendor that you choose to deal with and choose the one that fits your specific requirements. Vendor will deliver the services along with content and data on an “As is” and “As Available” basis. The discounts and special offers given by our vendors are subject to the terms and conditions of the respective vendor. The allotted artists and time-slots are subject to revision, depending on the availability. Zoylee shall not be responsible for any breach or non-acceptance or any contractual terms between our vendors and the customers. Zoylee can’t and doesn’t guarantee that the involved customers or/and vendors will carry out any transaction as mentioned on the platform. Zoylee operates as an online marketplace aggregator and has taken the role of facilitator. Zoylee, during any transaction between the vendor and the customer on the platform, come into or claim possession of any service provided by the vendor. Zoylee operates as an online marketplace aggregator and has taken the role of facilitator. Zoylee, during any transaction between the vendor and the customer on the platform, come into or claim possession of any service provided by the vendor. Zoylee only provides a digital platform (Website and Mobile App) for appointment booking and it is agreed that the contract for sale of any beauty, grooming, and personal care services shall be a strictly bipartite contract between the vendor and the customer. In case of complaints from the customer about online booking, quality of services, payment or any other such issues, Zoylee shall forward the same to the vendor on behalf of the customer and assist them by providing relevant information. The vendor shall be responsible for ensuring a satisfactory resolution of the complaints. Zoylee will not be held liable for any of the transactions made for using the service(s) offered by the vendors. Each claim and complaint related to any incorrect or failed payments must be directed to our payment processing vendors and/or your bank (depending on the case)
Zoylee – Website and Mobile Apps (iOS and Android) Access and Use
You are not entitled to, do not have any right to or belongs to another individual or business; Is defamatory, harassing, paedophilic, harmful, obscene, pornographic, blasphemous, pornographic, libelous, slanderous, criminally inciting or invasive of someone's privacy, hateful, or ethnically, raciallyoffensive, disparaging, relating or promotinggambling or money laundering, or otherwise unlawful/illegal in any way; or unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing including but not limited to "indecent representation of women" within the meaning of the Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act, 1986; Is misleading or misrepresentative in any manner; Is patently offensive to the online community, such as sexually explicit content, or content that promotes obscenity, pedophilia, racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any person or community; Threats, harasses or encourages harassment of any individual; Implicates the circulation of unsolicited mass emailing mailing (referred to as "spamming"); Promotes or encourages illegal activities that are threatening, abusive, obscene or defamatory; Hampers any individual’s or group’s rights [including, but not limited to, rights related to copyright infringement, intellectual property, rights of publicity or rights of privacy (including without limitation unauthorized disclosure of their personal data); Advocates an unlawful or unauthorized copy of someone else’s copyrighted work, such as sharing pirated tools, programs or links to them, sharing information to evade manufacture-installed copy-protect systems, etc.; Consists of hidden, restricted or password-only access pages, or images; Provides instructions/guidelines regarding unlawful activities like making or purchasing illegal arms, breaching other's privacy, or developing or providing viruses and malware; Tries to access without authorization or surpasses the scope of authorized access to the platform or account information, profiles, blogs, bulletins, communities, friend request, or other sections of the platform or solicits passwords or personal identification data information for marketing, commercial or illegal purposes from other users; Advocates betting or engage in such activities, which are or could be unlawful; Restricts or intervenes another individual's access and use of the Zoylee platform services; Misleads the visitors about the source of information or communicates any information which is menacing or grossly offensive; Impersonate another person; Carries computer viruses or any malware, code or files designed to limit, disturb or damage the function of any system resource; or contains any Trojan horses, worms, easter eggs, time bombs or other computer coding/programming regimes which may destroy, detrimentally intervene, degrade value of, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any computer, data or personal information; Threatens the sovereignty, integrity, unity, defense, security or sovereignty of India, friendly terms with foreign countries, or public order or results in incitement to the commission of any criminal activity or averts investigation of any offense or is demeaning to any other nation. Indirectly or directly, provides, attempts to provide, trades or attempts to trade in any product, the dealing of which is restricted or prohibited by the law; or Creates liability for Zoylee or makes Zoylee lose (partial or whole) the services of our ISPs (Internet Service Providers) or other associates.
The listed "Terms of Use" on this page govern your use of the Zoylee Website and Zoylee application for smart devices. Both the “Application” and the “Website” are referred to as the "Platform".You are requested to go through these “Terms of Use” before subscribing or using the services offered by our platform. By downloading, installing or even simply accessing the Zoylee web-based platform, you shall be contracting with Zoylee and you signify that you agree to our Terms of Use and other policies, including Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, Cancellation and Refund Policy, and Take Down Policy, which comes into effect on the very date when you download, install or use the Services, and form a legally binding setting to abide by the same.With reference to the implementation of these Terms of Use, "our”, we" or "us" in this document shall denote "Zoylee" (a digital platform of the Zoylee Web Services Private Limited). Also, the terms "you" or “your” shall denote any individual user, either vendor or customer, who has agreed to become a Zoylee Member by providing essential information for registration on the platform using any web-connected device.Zoylee enables transactions (both cash and online) between vendors and customers. The vendors can list their business on Zoylee platform so that the potential customers can locate them and make bookings. On the other hand, Zoylee platform allows the customers can find, select, and book appointments for required grooming and personal care services from the listed neighborhood services including but not limited to the salons, spas, and beauty parlors on the platform.The above-mentioned “Terms of Use” are subject to amendments/modifications at any time. Zoylee reserves the right to make any kind of changes or amendments in the policies by posting the same on the platform as well as its social media handles, and you shall be responsible to keep yourself updated about the changes (if any) by checking the Zoyleewebsite or social . At all times, you shall be responsible to check the “Terms of Use” and other policies of Zoylee. Your continued use of the platform and the offered services after any amendment/modification means you agree to our updated policies. “Terms of Use”, Zoylee provides you a personalized, non-transferable, non-exclusive, limited privilege to access, search and make appointment bookings for grooming and personal care through the platform. By agreeing to accept the given “Terms of Use”, you also accept and agree to follow our Terms and Conditions as well as other policies, which include Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, and Cancellation and Refund Policy.You accept, undertake, and agree that the access and use of Zoylee platform by you shall be regulated by the given guidelines:1. You shall not upload, download, host, display, post, publish, update or share any data which:You shall not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of Zoylee platform or any network linked to the platform or infringes the authentication or security parameters on the platform. You may not reverse look-up, trace or attempt to trace any kind of personal data of other visitors of the platform, or any other Buyer.You shall not make any demeaning, hurtful, negative or defamatory comment(s) or statement(s) about Zoylee, or otherwise carry out any action which might damage/tarnish the reputation of Zoylee or the service providers listed on the platform or otherwise hamper any of the Zoylee'sservice or trademarks, brand name and/or goodwill resulting due to such trade or service marks, as might be under our ownership.You may not use the platform or any content on the platform for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity that infringes the rights of Zoylee and/or others.
https://www.zoylee.in/term-and-conditions