Submission of material
You own all of the content and information you post on Customer Review, Feedbacks and the comments section (the “Community Areas”) of the Website, and you can control how it is shared through your privacy settings. In addition: For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos and videos (“IP content”), you specifically give us the following permission, subject to your privacy settings: you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with SOQ Local Guide (“IP License”). This includes for example and without limitation the right and license to use, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such material (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. In certain circumstances SOQ Local Guide may also share your contribution with trusted third parties. This IP License ends when you delete your IP content or your account provided that your content may still be accessible if it has been shared with others, and we are not obligated to delete IP content shared by you. You also acknowledge SOQ Local Guide is not obliged to publish any material submitted by you on any SOQ Local Guide publication. When you delete IP content, it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying the recycle bin on a computer. However, you understand that removed content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others). When you use an application, your content and information is shared with the application. We require applications to respect your privacy, and your agreement with that application will control how the application can use, store, and transfer that content and information. When you publish content or information using the “Public” setting, it means that you are allowing everyone, including other Website users, to access and use that information, and to associate it with you (i.e. your name and profile picture). We advise that you never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (telephone number, home address, business address, delivery address or email address or any other details that would allow you to be personally identified). We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about SOQ Local Guide, but you understand that we may use them without any obligation to compensate you for them (just as you have no obligation to offer them). By submitting any material to us, you agree to use the SOQ Local Guide Community Areas in accordance with this Terms and Conditions. If you do not want to grant SOQ Local Guide the permission set out above on these terms, please do not submit or share your contribution. The Service provides you with the ability to interact with social media services, such as through Facebook “Like” buttons, Twitter and otherwise. These features may enable integration and/or access to your social media accounts. We do not control those social media services, your profiles on those services, modify your privacy settings on those services or establish rules about how your personal information on those services will be used. You and the social media service providers are in control of those issues, not SOQ Local Guide. You are encouraged to read all policies and information on the applicable social media services to learn more about how they handle your information before using any such features made available to you on our Service. We are not responsible for any acts or omissions by any social media service provider or your use of features that come from their platform.
https://www.soqhub.com/term-conditions/