Overview
This website is operated by Sturdy Sports. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Sturdy Sports. Sturdy Sports offers this website, including all information, tools, and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies, and notices stated here. These terms of use govern your use and access to our services, including our website(s), our application(s), our application programming interfaces (APIs), our notifications and any information or content appearing therein (collectively our “Platform”).
By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink, you agree to these terms regardless of whether you are paying user or a non-paying visitor. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content. If you are using our Platform as an individual or a representative of an entity, you are agreeing to these terms on behalf of that entity.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes. You should also read our Privacy Policy which sets out how we collect and use your personal information.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms
ONLINE STORE TERMS:
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
GENERAL CONDITIONS:
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve
(a) Transmissions over various networks; and
(b) Changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION:
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or timelier sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
PRODUCTS OR SERVICES:
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy or special conditions subject to approval from us.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the Colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
We reserve the right but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at the sole discretion of Sturdy Sports. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made on our website. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.
OPTIONAL TOOLS:
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.
You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools” as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).
We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
Compliance with children\'s online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13. By using this site, you represent that you are at least the qualified age in your state or province of residence, or that you are in the qualified age in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products, and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
User Comments:
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation
(1) To maintain any comments in confidence;
(2) To pay compensation for any comments; or
(3) To respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
Certain parts of this website offer the opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions, information, material and data ('Comments') in areas of the website. Sturdy Sports may not screen, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their appearance on the website and Comments do not reflect the views or opinions of Sturdy Sports, its agents or affiliates. Comments reflect the view and opinion of the person who posts such view or opinion. To the extent permitted by applicable laws Sturdy Sports shall not be responsible or liable for the Comments or for any loss cost, liability, damages or expenses caused and or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website.
Sturdy Sports reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which it considers in its absolute discretion to be inappropriate, offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms and Conditions.
ERRORS, INACCURACIES, AND OMISSIONS:
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content:
(a) For any unlawful purpose;
(b) To solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts;
(c) To violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances;
(d) To infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others;
(e) To harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability;
(f) To submit false or misleading information;
(g) To upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet;
(h) To collect or track the personal information of others;
(I) To spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape;
(j) For any obscene or immoral purpose; or
(k) To interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
Availability of our services
We are continually changing and enhancing our Platform and the items or administrations we give. We may now and again change or end any of the items or administrations we offer or include or expel functionalities or highlights, and we may suspend or stop certain items, administrations, functionalities or highlights inside and out. On the off chance that we cease certain items, administrations, functionalities or highlights, we may not or may give you progress ahead of time where conceivable.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
In no case shall Sturdy Sports, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sturdy Sports and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
SEVERABILITY
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of 23 Stanley Street, West Melbourne, VIC, 3003, Australia.
You warrant and represent that
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so; The Comments do not infringe any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark, or another proprietary right of any third party; The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material or material which is an invasion of privacy. The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity. You hereby grant to Sturdy Sports a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Website without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors when they list us in the directory may link to our Web site in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Web sites of other listed businesses; and systemwide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so longs the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party's site. We may consider and approve in our sole discretion other link requests from the following types of organizations: commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources such as Chambers of Commerce, Cricket Association/Clubs and Consumers Union; dot.com community sites;associations or other groups representing charities, including charity giving sites, online directory distributors; internet portals; accounting, law and consulting firms whose primary clients are businesses; and educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we determine that:
(a) The link would not reflect unfavorably on us or our accredited businesses (for example, trade associations or other organizations representing inherently suspect types of business, such as work-at-home opportunities, shall not be allowed to link);
(b) The organization does not have an unsatisfactory record with us;
(c) The benefit to us from the visibility associated with the hyperlink outweighs the absence of; and
(d) Where the link is in the context of general resource information or is otherwise consistent with editorial content in a newsletter or similar product furthering the mission of the organization.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as the link:
(a) Is not in any way misleading;
(b) Does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party site.
If you are among the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website:
you must notify us by sending an e-mail to info@sturdysports.com.au
Please include your name, your organization name, contact information (such as a phone number and/or email address) as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Web site,and a list of the URL(s) on our site to which you would like to link. Allow 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Web site as follows:
By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator (Web address) being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our Website or material being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party's site.
No use of Sturdy Sports logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.
I Frames Without prior approval and express written permission, you may not create frames around our Web pages or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Web site.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non-personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Reservation of Rights:
We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Web site. You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request. We also reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and it is linking policy at any time. By continuing to link to our Web site, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website:
If you find any link on our Website or any linked web site objectionable for any reason, you may contact us about this. We will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to respond directly to you.
Whilst we endeavor to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
Content Liability:
We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site. You agree to indemnify and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear on any page on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties, and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing in this disclaimer will:
Limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
Limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
Limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
Exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer:
(a) Are subject to the preceding paragraph; and
(b) Govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort(including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
Changes of terms
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. We may amend these terms now and again by posting the invigorated terms on our website. If we take off material changes, we may or may not instruct you with respect to the movements already they end up effective. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site or For any questions or problems relating to our Platform, our products or services, or these terms, you can contact us by telephoning our customer service team at 0393489000 or emailing us at info@sturdysports.com.au or writing to us at 23 Stanley Street, West Melbourne, VIC - 3003
As part of providing the Platform, time to time we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. If you wish to opt out from receiving such communications, which may affect your use of our Platform, please contact our customer service team at info@sturdysports.com.au.
If we have to contact you, we will do so by telephone or by writing to you at the email address or postal address you provided to us.
When we use the words "writing" or "written" in these terms, this includes emails &any of written messages.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
Sturdy Sports welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information, please contact us by any of the following means during business hours Monday to Friday.
Post: Attn: Privacy Policy,
Sturdy Sports
23 Stanley Street
West Melbourne
VIC 3003
Call: 03 9348 9000 l 07 3262 1000
info@sturdysports.com.au
https://sturdysports.com.au/pages/term-of-use