PLEASE READ THIS UNIVERSAL TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY, AS IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.
Definitions
In the context of these terms and conditions, the following words shall have the following meanings: "Toronto Crime Stoppers" means Toronto Crime Stoppers Inc., a non-profit corporation, having its registered office at 40 College Street, 6th Floor, Toronto, ON M5G 2J3. "The Website" means any website under the ownership or control of Toronto Crime Stoppers from which a link has been created to these terms and conditions. "The material" means all of the information, data, text, graphics, links or computer code published on, contained or available on the Website. "User" means the individual, firm, company or organisation accessing this website.
Applicable terms and conditions
The Website is owned by Toronto Crime Stoppers and any use made of this site (including registrations and donations made via the Website) are subject to these terms and conditions. Toronto Crime Stoppers may, at its sole discretion, modify or revise these terms and conditions at any time by updating the text of this page.
Use of the website
Anyone is entitled to view any non-password protected parts of the website and to use for their own purposes the information contained therein, provided that the following conditions are met:
It is used for information purposes only, for reproduction for personal use only and not for reproduction on any other website or for commercial gain.
Any links created to the Website are notified to and approved by Toronto Crime Stoppers before they are created.
No part of the website is copied, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means to any third party without the written permission of Toronto Crime Stoppers.
Intellectual Property
Copyright in the material is owned by Toronto Crime Stoppers or its content suppliers. Unauthorised use of the copyright material including reproduction, storage, modification, distribution or republication without the prior written consent of Toronto Crime Stoppers or, where applicable, the respective copyright owner(s) is prohibited. The names and logos of Toronto Crime Stoppers and all related product and service names, designs marks and slogans are the trade names, service marks or trademarks of Toronto Crime Stoppers and may not be used without the prior consent of Toronto Crime Stoppers (whether any of the foregoing are registered or unregistered). All works in the nature of databases attract database rights.
Disclaimer
The website is intended to provide general information only and as such, should not be considered as a substitute for advice covering any specific situation. Users should seek appropriate advice before taking or refraining from taking any action in reliance on any information contained in this website. So far as permissible by law, Toronto Crime Stoppers does not accept any liability to any person relating to the use of any such information. While Toronto Crime Stoppers has taken every precaution in compiling this site neither it nor any contributors to the site can be held responsible for any action (or the lack thereof) taken by any person or organisation wherever they shall be based, as a result, direct or otherwise, on information contained in or accessed through this internet site.
Target audience
The Website is intended for use by Canadian residents and only in relation to their activities within Canada. Toronto Crime Stoppers does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via the website is accurate, complete or correct. The information provided on this website has not been written to meet individual requirements and it is your sole responsibility to satisfy yourself prior to using the information in any way for your purposes.
Warranty and indemnity
The User warrants to Toronto Crime Stoppers that it will not use the Website, the material or any part thereof for any purpose that is in contravention of any applicable law or regulation or in a manner that will infringe the copyright, trademarks, service marks or other intellectual property rights of third parties or violate the privacy, publicity or other personal rights of others or in any defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive or hateful manner. The User shall indemnify Toronto Crime Stoppers, its employees and agents, harmless against all claims, liability, losses, damages and expenses including, without limitation, legal fees and costs arising out of or incurred as a result of any claims made, or litigation brought, against Toronto Crime Stoppers, its employees and agents, as a result of the use by the User of the website, the material or any part thereof for whatever purpose, to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Limitation of liability
Toronto Crime Stoppers hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to the material and any goods or services supplied in relation to the website, whether express or implied or statutory (including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose). In no event shall Toronto Crime Stoppers be liable for any indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damages whatsoever even if Toronto Crime Stoppers has been advised of the possibility of damages including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the website, interruptions or delays to the website, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, material, goods and services obtained through the website or otherwise arising out of the use of the website, whether based on contract, tort or otherwise to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Third party websites
The website contains links to websites operated by parties other than Toronto Crime Stoppers. Such links are provided for the User's convenience only. Toronto Crime Stoppers does not control such websites, and is not responsible for their content or any information the User provides to such websites. Toronto Crime Stoppers' inclusion of links to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. The User is solely responsible for evaluating the accuracy and completeness of any information contained on the third party websites, and also the value and integrity of any goods and services offered by such websites.
Privacy Policy
Our full Privacy Policy can be read here.
Viruses
Toronto Crime Stoppers makes all reasonable attempts to exclude viruses from the website, but it cannot ensure such exclusion and no liability is accepted for damage caused through the downloading of viruses. Therefore, you are recommended to take all appropriate safeguards before downloading information from the website.
Online Transactions
Toronto Crime Stoppers reserves the right to vary event registration fees and the prices of any goods or services listed without notice. All event registrations and orders for goods or services are subject to availability and Toronto Crime Stoppers reserves the right to refuse to accept any registration and to refuse to supply any goods or services to any individual.
Encryption
Although the Website uses encryption security software in areas where on line payment details are accepted, the security of information and payments transmitted via the Internet cannot be guaranteed. Any loss incurred or sustained by any User who transmits information by means of e-mail or other Internet links shall be borne solely and exclusively by such User and in no event shall any such loss in whole or part be borne by Toronto Crime Stoppers or its agents.
Force majeure
Toronto Crime Stoppers shall not be held to be in breach of its obligations hereunder nor liable to the User for any loss or damage which may be suffered by another party due to any cause beyond its reasonable control including without limitation any act of God, fire, storm, flood, lightening, disease, strike, trade dispute, act of terrorism, any act or omission of government or regulatory bodies or communications operators.
General
If any provisions of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid or unenforceable, the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected. These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between Toronto Crime Stoppers and the User and supersede all other (prior or contemporaneous) communications and proposals, whether electronic or written, between the User and Toronto Crime Stoppers. Any failure of Toronto Crime Stoppers to exercise or enforce any of its rights under these terms and conditions shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any such rights or operate so as to bar the subsequent exercise or enforcement or any such rights.
Jurisdiction
The terms and conditions and the use by the User of the website shall be governed by the laws of Canada and Ontario applicable therein and the parties hereto submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Ontario courts in all disputes arising out of or relating to the Website and/or any transactions made on the website, or these terms and conditions.
Refund Policy
Refunds from the online donation facility are carried out at the management's discretion. Requests can be put in writing to Toronto Crime Stoppers Inc., 40 College Street, 6th Floor, Toronto, ON M5G 2J3.
Data protection statement
At Toronto Crime Stoppers we are committed to protecting your privacy and your anonymity. If you have any queries about this statement please contact us at crime@222tips.com.
Data usage (use by Toronto Crime Stoppers)
We will never contact you by email unless you have given us express permission to do so. If we contact you by phone or letter we will not contact you again if you ask us not to. Toronto Crime Stoppers will on occasion send email updates about upcoming campaigns, fundraising initiatives, events and challenges and also the results of surveys or polls conducted in which you participated.
Data usage (use by Third party)
Toronto Crime Stoppers will not rent or sell your personal information to other organisations.
However, where you have given us permission to contact you we may allow partner organisations access to some of your personal information so they can contact or provide services to you on our behalf. A partner organisation may for example include other charitable organisations.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use for this site or other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of Toronto Crime Stoppers, our donors or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.
Toronto Crime Stoppers Blog; (www.blog.Toronto Crime Stoppers-uk.org)
The Toronto Crime Stoppers Blog is a forum for discussion views and opinions and it is not possible to pass on information about crime via this platform.
https://www.222tips.com/term