Updated March 2018
Terms and Conditions
The following agreement (terms of service) will govern engagements between you and the Castonly.com website including content, finance/ spending, and all services available on www.castonly.com.
By using the website, creating a user account, or accepting the terms of service; you are agreeing to follow the guidelines and procedures set out by this agreement including the conditions set out in the privacy policy (LINK). If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement or privacy policy, you will be unable to use the services of the website.
www.castonly.com provides services to individuals over the age of 18. Service will be refused to persons under the age of 18 unless represented by a parent or a legal guardian. By using our website services you are confirming that you meet the minimum age requirement, other required qualifications, and are entering into a binding agreement with castonly (Thailand) Co., Ltd. The company reserves the right to deactivate your account and refuse services should you not meet any of the prescribed requirements.
If you have any questions about our terms of service you are able to contact customer support through the Contact section of our website.
If you do not agree to be bound by the website’s terms and conditions or privacy policy, please do not participate or be involved in website content in any way; including viewing, downloading, and any other services provided on castonly.com. By your continued use of the site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy and that you agree to be bound by all of the provisions prescribed in the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Castonly.com reserves the right to edit, add, delete, or change the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy without prior notice. It is recommended that you periodically review the site’s term and conditions and privacy policy to keep up-to-date. In addition, your right to access the site and services of castonly.com will terminate upon your notification that any changes made are unacceptable to you. By your continued use of the site, you agree to be bound by any changes in the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Definitions and Important Terms
The terms definitions of the website’s Terms and Conditions are set forth below (unless otherwise specified)
“Production” refers to users who advertise jobs in the entertainment and media industry
refers to users who advertise jobs in the entertainment and media industry “Talent” refers to users looking for acting roles and opportunities
refers to users looking for acting roles and opportunities “User” refers to site visitors and recipients of the services of Castonly.com
refers to site visitors and recipients of the services of Castonly.com “castonly” refers to Castonly (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
refers to Castonly (Thailand) Co., Ltd. “castonly.com” refers to Castonly (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
refers to Castonly (Thailand) Co., Ltd. “our/the website” refers to the website or mobile application owned by Castonly.com and its affiliates/subsidiaries including all processes and services
refers to the website or mobile application owned by Castonly.com and its affiliates/subsidiaries including all processes and services “Service Fee” refers to fees which Castonly.com will collect from “Talent” and “Production”.
refers to fees which Castonly.com will collect from “Talent” and “Production”. Visit castonly.com to access the database and/or any services provided by Castonly (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
The terms “you”, “user”, and “all users” in these terms and conditions refer to individuals and/or organizations which access the website at any time, for any reason or purpose.
Acceptable Use Policy
Specific Use (Rights) – Talent Talent and Production understand and accept that Castonly.com is only the intermediary with the purpose of connecting job seekers with job advertisers; it is not an employment agency. Castonly.com does not guarantee employment from advertising on the website. Talent accepts that his/her use of the website is for lawful purposes with the goal of finding employment Talent agrees to carefully secure their username and password and will not reveal such details to any persons. It is the Talent’s sole responsibility to safeguard their name and password. Talent will immediately inform Castonly.com of any unauthorized use of their username and password. Talent confirms and acknowledges the voluntary disclosure of personal information to Production and Castonly.com when signing up or applying for vacant posts through the website and/or when uploading posts/messages/files onto the website or when using the site for the purpose of sending, uploading, and posting messages/files. Any such action is an indication of consent that Castonly.com is authorized to store text, images, files, and any other relevant information in the Castonly.com database. Talent is able to send personal information including any relevant details to any Production that advertise posts on the website. Talent may use the option of sending his/her personal information and relevant information by replying directly to a post on the website. When responding to an advertised post any personal and relevant information will be on the website and stored in castonly.com database. Talent has the option to delete this information at any time. Talent agrees and acknowledges that their personal and any relevant information provided to production is solely for the purposes of screening and evaluating the suitability of applicants. Castonly.com reserves the right to reject, not approve, revise/edit any personal or relevant information, and delete said information if Castonly.com deems the information to be inaccurate, illegal, unlawful, or a violation of copyrights, trademarks , trade names , trade secrets, or for the purposes of protecting intellectual property rights/privacy (including any issues directly related to the information’s purpose). Talent acknowledges and agrees to the guidelines of Castonly.com with regards to collection of membership fees for sign-up and access to database and/or pictures/files of Production. This includes any content and information for the purpose of screening and evaluating the suitability of the candidate (talent) in accordance to the website’s terms and conditions. Talent waives the right to have any claim with regards to the membership fees at Castonly.com. com will not reveal any personal information of Talent to any Production without his/her authorization unless disclosure is required by an institution that has the authority to enforce applicable laws and regulations. Talent acknowledges and agrees to allow Castonly.com to disclose his/her information to Production through the Castonly.com search engine or any other methods used to screen and evaluate the candidate’s suitability to the role advertised by Production. Talent agrees that Castonly.com and its affiliates may use their personal information (with the exception of names, addresses, and other information that may reveal their identity) for marketing purposes. This information may also be sent to productions who are target clients, relevant agents, and employees of Production. com will use all reasonable endeavors to restrict access to the database only for production and Castonly.com personnel. However, Castonly.com cannot guarantee that other unauthorized persons may view Talent’s information or gain unauthorized access to the database, and may make a copy of Talent’s information. In such cases, Castonly.com is not responsible for information storage, copying, and use. Nor is it responsible for the use or preservation of data privacy. com will not be responsible in cases where Production or any other party violates the site’s terms and conditions, in Thailand or anywhere else. This includes the use of personal information, content, or documents for purposes other than screening and evaluating candidate’s application to an advertised post. Talent agrees and accepts that the risks are his/her own with regards to personal information, relevant information, and documents provided to Production or information given on the website. Once Castonly.com receives membership fee payment or a free trial offer is accepted; talent will have the right to use the website to search for job vacancies for the time period specified in the terms of service provided. With consideration to the Terms and Conditions (susceptible to changes at anytime) for the free promotional offers set forth by Castonly.com. Talent will have access to the database given that he/she agrees that all information acquired is used only for the purpose of screening and evaluation of job candidates. com reserves the right to terminate any services offered to Talent and remove any ads and/or web pages posted on the website; solely at the discretion of Castonly.com. Talent waives the right to any claim or compensation from Castonly.com in cases where the relevant Talent, information, and/or webpage violate any provisions contained in the Terms and Conditions or in the service specifications of Castonly.com. In any case where Castonly.com decides to remove ads for any reason not in violation of the provisions contained in the Terms and Conditions or the service specifications of Castonly. Castonly.com reserves the right to not reimburse membership fees (if any) to the relevant Talent. Furthermore, Talent will be held liable for any fees incurred if such actions are against the law or morality. com reserves the right to change membership fees, collection fees, and/or service fees as Castonly deems appropriate without prior notice. In cases where Talent is unable to pay membership fee, service fee, or any other fees owed to Castonly.com within the appropriate time, Castonly.com reserves the right to temporary cancel membership or terminate the Talent’s webpage and/or advertisement and/or rights to access the websites database without neglecting other rights or any changes that may affect Castonly.com.
Specific Use (Rights) – Production Production agrees that they will use our website lawfully for the sole purposes of promotion activities related to the entertainment and media industry. Production is solely responsible for the content and subject matter in their ads or web pages they post on the website. Castonly.com reserves the right to remove, revise, edit, force to delete any content or webpage it deems to be inappropriate. com also reserves the right to terminate and/or suspend access and/or services offered on the website in accordance to the terms of service between Production and Castonly.com. com reserves the right to terminate any services offered to Production and the right to remove any ads or web pages posted on the website; solely at the discretion of Castonly.com. If the involved Production or their ad content/webpage violates any provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions; Castonly.com reserves the right to remove these ad content or webpage. In this case, Production waives the right to any claim, compensation, or recourse. Castonly.com also reserves the right to lawfully remove content or webpage for any reason that is not in violation of any provisions contained in these Terms & Conditions at the sole discretion of the management of Castonly.com. From time to time, Castonly.com may invest in marketing campaigns to promote the employer’s brand (including but not limited to Google ads, Yahoo – Bing ads, Baidu ads, Facebook ads, Twitter ads, ad networks, Demand Side Platforms, Real Time Bidding, Line, repeat advertisement directed at target segments, and other procurement strategies) and acknowledges that such promotions may be outside of the domain of Castonly.com and its subsidiaries/affiliates.
Prohibited Actions – User
User agrees to
User agrees to not post any content or information that is not relevant to the website or any information that is incomplete, inaccurate, or not consistent with the purposes of the website.
All Users agree to not use our website in a manner that violates the intellectual property or proprietary rights of any other party.
All Users agree to not print, download, reproduce, submit, copy, remake, redistribute, republish, or use any personal information that may reveal the identity of other Users. The only exception is in circumstances where Production may use the database or information/content related to Talent for contact purposes or purposes defined by Castonly.com.
Users are prohibited from deleting, editing, or remove anything posted by other person or entity.
All Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security system of our website. This includes but is not limited to: accessing data that is not relevant to User, logging in or accessing servers or without authorization, attempting to infiltrate, scan or test the security of the system or network, attempting to circumvent security protocols or measures utilized to monitor Users without proper authority, attempting to interfere with host or network services provided to Users, sending unsolicited emails/promotions/advertisements of goods & services. System or network security breaches can lead to civil and/or criminal liability.
All users will not upload, post, publish, transfer, distribute, circulate, or store any material relating to the website that is in violation of any applicable law, regulation, trademark, trade secrets. Or if such material infringes upon intellectual property and/or proprietary rights or violates privacy, defamatory, indecent, or is considered harassment, discriminatory, libel, hate speech, profane, slanderous, malicious, racist, false, illegal, inappropriate, or otherwise causes political/religious unrest or is a threat to the stability of national security or that of Castonly.com. Or if such material contains a virus, screen scraping, hacking software, computer worm, malware, or any material or program that may cause damage, inhibit, or limit the system/performance of our website, the services offered on the site, or any software, hardware, or any telecommunications equipment.
All Users are prohibited from using screen scraping, data mining, robots, or any data gathering which serves a similar function; or any tools that is used to obtain information from our website pertaining to creation, development, maintenance for the purposes of placing it on User’s website or any other document or publication without prior written consent of Castonly.com
Intellectual Property Rights
All content on the website including but not limited to: information, text, graphics, pictures, layout, designs, symbols, editorial content, coding for the homepage, HTML, and any other proprietary rights on our website (collectively referred to as “content”) are the intellectual property of Castonly.com and its’ licensors. All the aforementioned content is protected by copyright law, licenses, trademarks, patents, and other laws protecting intellectual property rights. User acknowledges and agrees that the content is for non-commercial personal use, except cases otherwise specified in this paragraph. With regards to all content, Users will not provide any assistance or support to any third-party in copying, reproducing, referring, publishing, distributing, export, store (in any form), display, modify, sell, transfer, engage in any transaction of any derivative works, or exploit the content in any way (whether in whole or in part). User or Users who receive authorization under the terms and conditions of the website may download or copy the content solely for non-commercial private use. User/s agrees to not remove/modify any symbols or messages in the content which indicates said content’s copyright, trademarks, or other proprietary rights. User has no rights, ownership, or equity in any content or part of content which is downloaded or copied. Castonly.com reserves the right, at its sole discretion to enforce all intellectual property and proprietary rights; including but not limited to the use of any portion of the content which is expressly prohibited under the Terms and Condition of the website. This is to avoid any doubt with regards to consent that may be claimed by any third party (including Production) who may use the content or any portion of said content in any shape or form. Any violation will mean User will be liable as listed in this Prohibitions section under the terms and conditions of the website.
Responsibility
Castonly.com reserves the right to monitor our website and website content at anytime. Note that Castonly.com is not responsible for any content on the site not posted by Castonly.com; this includes any content that Castonly.com posts on behalf of Users, Talent, or Production. All Users acknowledge and agree that they are fully responsible for the form, content, and accuracy of any information, webpage, or content submitted/posted on or through Castonly.com. Castonly.com does not guarantee that any content, information, ad, or webpage posted will be viewed or considered by any specific number of Users nor does it guarantee successful selection for any advertised roles. Castonly.com is in no way to be considered as a representative of Production/ Talent/ Users with respect to any use of our website. Castonly.com is in no way to be considered responsible for any decisions made (for any reason) by any Users seeking or posting a job/position on the website or by any party that responds to a posting on the site. Castonly.com will make every effort to provide quality services to Production and Talent; however, we do not guarantee the website will function without any error, or that our website and servers remain free from viruses or other harmful mechanisms. We do not ensure that any defects or errors will be fixed, nor do we guarantee that the operation of our website will be uninterrupted, timely, or safe. If the use of our website or content results in any User being required to repair or replace equipment or data, Castonly.com will not be liable for any damage or costs incurred in any way. Our website and content is reliable to a certain extent as it appears. Castonly.com is not in any way responsible for any mistakes or errors, and disclaims all guarantees to the fullest extent permitted by law. This does not invalidate any of the rights mentioned above. Castonly.com does not guarantee and is not responsible for, with regards to suitability for commercial trade, the following: the working condition or features of any product or service offered, non-infringement of third-party rights, suitability of specific purposes, implied accuracy, credibility, timeliness; or other properties/content of the website including service, software, messages, graphics, and links which appear on the website. Users must independently evaluate and verify the accuracy, completeness, and credibility of the information on the website and, if necessary, seek expert advice from a professional.
Risk Responsibility
All Users who use our website and access other sites through our website do so at their own risk. All Users are responsible for their communications and the consequences of any activity on the website. Castonly.com does not endorse or guarantee as fact, the accuracy or reliability of any communications/information posted by any User. Nor does it agree with any opinions posted by any User. Any confidence placed in the content posted is at User’s own risk. Castonly.com reserves the right to remove any User from the website and ban access in circumstances where the User violates the Terms and Conditions of the website, or violates any laws and regulations. Castonly.com, at its’ sole discretion, reserves the right to remove any content considered defamatory, illegal, divisive, or inappropriate without prior notice or discussion.
Links to other Websites
Our website may display links to other third-party websites for the sole purpose of facilitating any process for the User as an Internet Navigation Tool; these are not guaranteed by Castonly.com. Unless otherwise stated on website, Castonly.com has no control or authority over third-party websites and the content of these linked websites. Third-party or linked websites accept all risks associated with the content on their sites. Castonly.com is not responsible for any content on other third-party websites linked to our site or any other links appearing on third-party websites. With regards to linked websites, Castonly.com is not responsible for any content changes, and does not endorse or ensure the accuracy of any content on these websites. Castonly.com is not responsible or liable for any loss or damages which may occur as a result of the services or content of third-party websites. Furthermore, any information or content posted on our site by User may be seen by other Users of other websites linked to Castonly.com. With regards to information or content posted on the website, Castonly.com is not responsible for any inappropriate use of information or content by other Users from third-party websites.
Compensation
Users agree to compensate and provide refunds to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law to Castonly.com and its affiliates including staff, directors, employees, agents, owners, partners, representatives, shareholders, lawyers, predecessors, and successors. This includes any claims, cases, damages, demand, liability, loss, damages, budget, costs, expenses (including full compensation of legal or professional fees) that occur as a result of website use, inability to access the website, content on the website, or any violation of the website’s Terms and Conditions by the User. Any relevant compensation for damages (or costs to fix said damage) will be added to all other obligations of the User under the Terms and Conditions of the website and does not quantify as an infringement of User rights.
Refund
Castonly.com does not have any policy with regards to refund/reimbursement to customers. Once the customer makes the decision to accept the Terms and Conditions they waive the right to any claims or refunds unless they are able to prove with evidence that Castonly.com has wronged them. Any refund decision will be at the discretion of the executives and shareholders of Castonly (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Furthermore, upon decision and approval by the executives and shareholders of Castonly (Thailand) Co., Ltd, any refund will be made within 90 days.
Disclaimer
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Castonly.com and its affiliates including staff, board members, employees, and agents are not liable for any damages incurred in any circumstances by any User/s. Regardless of whether said damages were incurred directly or indirectly, or connected with the ability or inability to use our website or access content. Including but not limited to errors, omissions, inaccuracies, delays, loss, or any uploaded content on or through our website.
Work Processes with Production
Communications, business transactions, or participation in promotional activities hosted by Production which Users gain access through our website; including: payments, delivery of relevant products or services, Terms and Conditions, warranties, and any guarantees with regards to such processes are considered as a transaction between Users and Production. Castonly.com is not responsible or liable for any loss/damages which may occur from any actions including the accuracy or authenticity of any content which appears on the website or that which is posted by Production.
Work Processes with Talent
Castonly.com will make best efforts to offer quality recruitment services and ensure fair selection processes, as well as act as a medium for exchanging information between Talent and Production. Castonly.com will not be involved in any negotiations or disputes between Talent and Production; this includes quality, safety, and legality of any casting process for Talent. Castonly.com does not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any content or information posted by Talent or of the content or information posted by Production. Castonly.com does not guarantee that Production will be able to any relevant remuneration nor does it guarantee Talent’s ability to fulfill the role advertised by Production. Any dispute that occurs between Talent and Production will be resolved between Talent and Production. Castonly.com will not be liable or responsible for any such disputes.
Limitation of Liability
Without removing any rights defined above and under any applicable law, Castonly.com’s total liability towards any Users with regards to any claims arising from the use of Castonly.com’s services, is defined and limited to membership fees received which may be related to any service that may cause said claim/s.
Termination
In any case where the information presented by the User is found to be false, a violation of laws, or contains inappropriate content, Castonly.com will terminate the account/membership of the User immediately without prior notice and will take any further action deemed appropriate or necessary. This includes but is not limited to: legal action against said User, termination or suspension the User’s account, prevention of access to website without prior notice in cases where Castonly.com deems that the User has violated the website’s Term and Conditions or any applicable laws, at the sole discretion of Castonly.com. Castonly.com reserves the right to remove any content deemed to be defamatory, illegal, and/or divisive. Castionly.com, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to decide whether a User, Talent, or Production has violated the website’s Terms and Conditions, any such decision will be considered final. If Castonly.com does not exercise its rights as defined, it does not constitute a waiver.
Changes to Website Access
Castonly.com reserves the right to from time to time make changes, edit, suspend, terminate, or limit access to our website (or sections of our website) including services (or parts of services offered) for Users, either temporarily or permanently without prior notice. Castonly.com will not be responsible to Users or third parties for any changes, edit, suspension, termination, or limitation of access.
Safety Measures
Castonly.com will use all reasonable endeavors to ensure that staff, directors, employees, agents, and contractors operate with the utmost care. This includes the analysis of personal information sent by Talent, and that any personal information is processed by personnel on a “Need to Know” or “Need to Use” basis. Castonly.com will use all reasonable endeavors to protect the personal information of Talent with regards to unauthorized or accidental data entry, data processing, and deletion. Castonly.com will provide recommendations such as security alerts with regards to contact, communications, and appointments which are clearly listed on the website. Any damages or loss incurred by Talent and Production is their responsibility. Castonly.com is in no way responsible for any such damages.
Applicable Laws and Jurisdiction
Terms and Conditions of the website, any dispute, or any incident arising from the use of the website will be enforced and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Thailand, at the sole discretion of Castonly.com. Any dispute, argument, or claim as a result of or pertaining to the Terms and Conditions of the website including any questions regarding livelihoods, legal integrity, failure to comply with laws, violation or termination in accordance with the website’s Terms and Conditions may be settled arbitrarily under Thai Arbitration Rules, Alternative Dispute Resolution and the Thai Courts of Justice in accordance with applicable laws at the time.
Force Majeure
Without removing any rights defined in the website’s Terms and Conditions, limitation of liability or liability, Castonly.com is not liable for any delay or failure to perform (directly or indirectly) which is caused by factors out of our control. This includes, but is not limited to: internet system failure, electrical system failure (power outage), computer system failure, telecommunications or other devices failure, employee/worker/labour strike, work dispute, rioting, insurgency, labour or material shortage, fire, flooding, storm, bombing, natural disaster, war, government policy, domestic or foreign court order, and inaction by third-parties.
Complete Agreement
The website Terms and Conditions are to be considered the complete agreement between Users and Castionly.com with regards to use of website. And will replace any communication (written or spoken), consultation, letter, or contracts relating to the content of these Terms and Conditions.
Partial Voidability
Each section of the website’s terms and conditions are to be applied separately, the completeness of one each provision shall not affect or void any other provision. In cases where any provision or part of a provision listed in the Terms and Conditions is deemed to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable; any remaining provisions or other Terms and Condition shall remain in full force and effect. As such, additional provisions may be added to the site’s terms and conditions which are deemed legal, non-void, and enforceable in order to replace any provisions that were deemed to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable.
Changes to Terms and Conditions
Castonly.com may make change to the website’s Terms and Conditions at anytime. Any changes made will be announced by Castonly.com on the website. You agree to this procedure and accept that this process is sufficient notice with regards to changes to the website’s terms and conditions.
http://www.castonly.com/en/term-of-service/