Friday, May 08, 2020 Coronavirus Update: May 8, 2020
Insurance premium rebates, cyberattacks related to COVID-19, resources from APTA components, and more.
In the Media
May 7: UnitedHealth Commits to Premium Rebates, Cost-Sharing Waivers
From CNBC: "UnitedHealth Group announced Thursday it will provide $1.5 billion in direct financial relief for its customers in the form of premium rebates for consumers on individual and small group employer plans, and cost-sharing waivers for seniors on its Medicare Advantage plans."
May 7: Inflammatory Syndrome in Children May be Linked to COVID-19
From NPR: "The new condition associated with COVID-19 is called Pediatric Multi-System Inflammatory Syndrome. Symptoms include persistent fever, extreme inflammation, and evidence of one or more organs that are not functioning properly."
May 5: Humana CEO Predicts Permanent Changes to Health Care System Post-Pandemic
From CNBC: "Humana CEO Bruce Broussard said Tuesday that he expects telehealth and other changes embraced by the health-care sector during the coronavirus pandemic to have a lasting impact on how people go to the doctor."
May 5: U.S., U.K. Warn of Cyberattacks to Coronavirus Response Efforts
From CNN: "The United States and United Kingdom issued a new advisory Tuesday warning of ongoing cyberattacks against organizations involved in the coronavirus response, including health care bodies, pharmaceutical companies, academics, medical research organizations, and local government."
Practice Guidance
May 5: APTA Collects COVID-19 Webinars and Event Recordings
APTA, in partnership with its components and other organizations, has amassed a collection of learning opportunities — all free to members and nonmembers.
May 6: APTA Components Recommend Resources
APTA's sections and academies have been creating resources and curating offerings from other agencies and organizations.
COVID-19 Relief Programs
May 7: HHS Extends Deadline for Attestation
Providers now have 45 days to sign an attestation that they received relief money and will comply with terms and conditions. The previous deadline had been 30 days.
From U.S. Department of Labor
May 4, 2020: Employers May Not Have to Contribute to Workshare Benefits During Emergency
From Law360: "Employers that opt in to 'workshare programs' letting workers collect partial unemployment while working a reduced schedule may not have to chip in during the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. Department of Labor said in new guidance."
From the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
May 8: CDC Updates Guidance on Purchasing Respirators From Other Countries
The CDC acknowledges that providers may be forced to source respirators that are not approved by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, and offers guidance on how to evaluate devices and warning signs of potentially substandard equipment.
Visit APTA's Coronavirus webpage for more information and updates.
https://www.apta.org/PTinMotion/News/2020/5/8/CoronavirusUpdateMay8/