The promoter is Fiat Chrysler Automobiles UK Ltd, 240 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire, SL1 4DX (the “ Promoter ” or “ FCA UK ”).
The Promoter operates a prize draw in the website and magazine of Auto Express (UK) Ltd (the “ Prize Draw ”).
The Prize Draw is open to UK residents between 25 and 80 years of age, who have a full UK driving licence (or be entitled to drive in the UK) (each an “ Entrant ”). The Prize Draw is not open to employees of Dennis Publishing or Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. group companies, their immediate families, Fiat authorised retailers, agencies, any other company involved in promotion or any individual subject to a driving ban during the prize period.
By entering into this Prize Draw, Entrants agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. The Promoter may terminate any entry or prize if the Entrant fails to comply with any of these terms and conditions or are unlikely to do so.
To be eligible for the Prize Draw, Entrants must, between 6th May 2020 and 10 th June 2020 (the “ Closing Date ”), fully complete their details on the entry form hosted on the Auto Express website (www.autoexpress.co.uk/win-a-wrangler) by providing their title, first name, surname and email address. Entrants must give consent to the processing of their personal data for the purposes of the Prize Draw subject to 19 below. No entries will be accepted after the Closing Date.
No purchase or fee is required to enter the Prize Draw. Only one entry is permitted per person. Bulk entries or entries automatically generated by a computer will not be valid. An internet connection is required to enter the Prize Draw and to claim any prize.
The Entrants are responsible for providing accurate personal details; the Promoter will not be responsible for incorrect or inaccurate details provided by the Entrant.
The prize consists the lease of a Jeep Wrangler 4-door MY20 Overland 2.0 GME 272hp 4x4 in Silver for six months (the “ Prize ” or the “ Vehicle ”). The lease shall commence on a date to be agreed in writing between the winner (the “ Winner ”) and the Promoter and shall be subject to the Promoter’s standard demonstrator terms in Schedule 1. The Promoter accepts no responsibility for any costs not specifically included in the Prize.
There will be one Winner of the Prize in this Prize Draw.
The Prize is non-transferable and non-exchangeable. No purchase necessary. The Promoter reserves the right to replace the Prize with an alternative prize of equal or higher value if circumstances beyond the Promoter's control makes it necessary to do so. No cash alternative is available.
A randomised computer process will choose the Winner on 11th June 2020.
The winner will be notified by email within 10 working days of the draw taking place. If the Prize remains unclaimed for 14 days, from the time of the notification email, it will be forfeited and a supplementary Winner will be drawn at the Promoter’s discretion.
The Promoter reserves the right to cancel, amend, withdraw, terminate or temporarily suspend this Prize Draw in the event of any unforeseen circumstances or technical reason outside its reasonable control. Except in the case of death or personal injury arising from its negligence, or in respect of fraud, and so far as is permitted by law, the Promoter and its associated companies and agents exclude responsibility and all liabilities arising from any act or default of any third party supplier or from circumstances which are beyond the Promoter’s reasonable control.
The Promoter will require the Winner to be able to produce a copy of the Winner’s valid UK driving licence before collection of the car. Acceptance of this licence is determined at the Promoter’s sole discretion.
The Promoter will not be responsible for any inability of the Winner to take up the Prize and accepts no responsibility for incorrectly completed, lost or delayed entries, notices, acceptances, tickets or other documents related to the Prize.
The Winner agrees to be bound by any relevant third party terms and conditions associated with the Prize.
By entering the Prize Draw, the Entrants acknowledge that they may be required to participate in reasonable publicity relating to the Prize Draw without further consent or payment should they win the Prize. Such publicity may include, without limitation, the Winner’s name and/or image, statements made by the Entrants concerning the Prize Draw and the Prize. The Promoter is not responsible for any posts which the Entrant, or a third party publishes, on any social media websites, applications or platforms and the Entrant confirms that such posts are not sponsored by the Promoter.
These terms and conditions, and any instructions from the Promoter, constitute the entire agreement between the Entrant, and the Promoter relating to this Prize Draw and supersede any prior agreements between the Entrant and the Promoter. If any provision of these terms and conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavour to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision and the other provisions of the terms and conditions will remain in full force and effect.
Personal data will be held in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and in accordance with Dennis Publishing Limited’s privacy policy which can be found at: https://www.dennis.co.uk/privacy-policy/#competitions-and-prize-draws and https://www.dennis.co.uk/competition-terms-conditions/ . In order to administer the Prize Draw, the Promoter will require certain essential information including name, address and contact details. Winner’s details will be passed onto the Promoter for the administration of the Prize Draw.
The decision of the Promoter is final and no correspondence or discussion will be entered into.
The Promoter reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time.
https://www.autoexpress.co.uk/articles/352166/jeep-wrangler-competition-terms-and-conditions