Catena Media plc (the “Company” or “Catena Media”) today announces that the Written Procedure initiated on 17 April 2020 of its senior unsecured bonds 2018/2021 (ISIN: SE0010832154) with an aggregate amount outstanding of EUR 150 million (the “Bonds”), has been concluded.
The Written Procedure was initiated in order to receive the bondholders’ approval to amend the terms and conditions for the Bonds as described in the notice of the Written Procedure. The notice of the Written Procedure, the proposed amendments and detailed information regarding the voting procedure are available at the Company’s website (www.catenamedia.com/investors/).
A requisite majority of the voting bondholders voted in favour of the request to amend the terms and conditions for the Bonds. The bondholders' consent to amend the terms and conditions for the Bonds were deemed to be approved as from the expiry of the voting period.
The request to amend the terms and conditions for the Bonds is conditional upon the successful completion of a rights issue of units in the Company at a total amount of SEK 684 million (the “Rights Issue”).
The extraordinary general meeting to decide upon the Rights Issue is to be held on 10 June 2020 and the outcome of the Rights Issue is planned to be announced at the end of June 2020. For further information about the Rights Issue, please see the press release published on the Company’s website on 17 April 2020 (Catena Media decides upon fully guaranteed rights issue of units of SEK 684 million and initiates procedure to amend the terms of its senior unsecured bond loan).

For further information, please contact:
Per Hellberg, CEO, Catena Media plc
Phone: +46 709 10 74 10, E-mail: per.hellberg@catenamedia.com
Erik Edeen, Project Manager, Catena Media plc
Phone: +46 768 47 23 19, E-mail: erik.edeen@catenamedia.com

Åsa Hillsten, Head of IR & Communications, Catena Media plc
Phone: +46 700 81 81 17, E-mail: asa.hillsten@catenamedia.com
This information is information that Catena Media plc is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU market abuse regulation. The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out above, on 7 May 2020 at 19.00 CET.
About Catena Media
Catena Media has a leading position within online lead generation. The company has about 400 employees in US, Australia, Japan, Serbia, UK, Sweden, Italy and Malta (HQ). The company is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. Further information is available at www.catenamedia.com.
Important information
The information in this press release does not contain or constitute an offer to acquire, subscribe or otherwise trade in shares, units, unit rights, warrants, hybrid capital securities or other securities in Catena Media. Any invitation to the persons concerned to subscribe for units in Catena Media will only be made through the prospectus that Catena Media will publish on its website after approval and registration with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw.Finansinspektionen).
The information in this press release may not be released, distributed or published, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States, Australia, Japan, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, Hong Kong, Switzerland, Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which such action would be unlawful or would require registration or any other measures than those required by Maltese or Swedish law. Actions in violation of these restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities laws.
No shares, units, unit rights, warrants, hybrid capital securities or other securities in Catena Media have been registered, and no shares, units, unit rights, warrants, hybrid capital securities or other securities will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the securities legislation of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States and no shares, units, unit rights, warrants, hybrid capital securities or other securities may be offered, sold or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States, except under an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements under the Securities Act and in compliance with the securities legislation in the relevant state or any other jurisdiction of the United States.

Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intends,” “estimate,” “will,” “may,” "continue," “should” and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions. Although Catena Media believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors, which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. The information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date, and are subject to change without notice.

NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, JAPAN, CANADA, NEW ZEALAND, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SWITZERLAND, SINGAPORE OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL OR REQUIRE REGISTRATION OR ANY OTHER MEASURES. ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE IMPORTANT INFORMATION AT THE END OF THE PRESS RELEASE.
https://www.avanza.se/placera/pressmeddelanden/2020/05/07/catena-media-consent-received-from-the-bondholders-in-the-written-procedure-to-amend-the-terms-and-conditions-for-catena-medias-senior-unsecured-bonds-20182021.html