TERMS & CONDITIONS WEBSITE USAGE AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
BANK OF THAILAND (BOT) AND THE USER
Use of this Site constitutes agreement with the following terms and conditions.
1. BOT maintains this web site (the "Site") as a courtesy to those who may choose to access the Site ("Users"). The information presented herein is for informative purposes only. BOT is pleased to allow Users to visit the Site and download and copy the information, documents and materials (collectively, "Materials") from the Site for User use subject to the terms and conditions outlined below, and also subject to more specific restrictions that may apply to specific material within this Site.
2. Unless expressly stated otherwise, the findings interpretations and conclusions expressed in the Materials in this Site are those of the various authors of the work and are not necessarily those of BOT.
Condition of use
3. Information is obtained from sources believed to be relieable. BOT does not warrant its completeness or accuracy for merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose. The information may be subject to change at anytime without notice.
Any person wishing to obtain further clarification should do so only with a formal consultation with relevant authorities. Under no circumstances shall BOT be liable for any loss, damage, liability or expense incurred or suffered which is claimed to resulted from use of this Site, Including without limitation, any fault, error, omission, interruption or delay with respect thereto. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall BOT be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, even if BOT has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
4. User specifically acknowledges and agrees that BOT is not liable for any conduct of any User.
5. This site may contain advice, opinions, and statements of various information providers and content providers. BOT does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information provided by any information provider or content provider, or any user of this site or other person or entity. Reliance upon any such opinion, advice, statement, or other information shall also be at your own risk. Neither BOT nor employees shall be liable to any User or anyone else for any inaccuracy, error, omission, interruption, timeliness, completeness, deletion, defect, failure of performance, computer virus, communication line failure, alteration of, or use of any content herein, regardless of cause, for any damages resulting therefrom.
6. As a condition of use of this Site, User agrees to indemnify BOT from and against any and all actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out User's use of this Site, including without limitation any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by User of these terms and conditions. If User is dissatisfied with any material on this Site or with any of terms and conditions of use of this Site, User's sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this Site.
7. Nothing in this Site or any Materials shall be construed, implicitly or explicitly, as containing any investment recommendations.
Links to third-party websites
8. This Site contains links to third-party web sites. The linked sites are not under the control of BOT and BOT is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. BOT provides these links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link does not imply endorsement of the linked site by BOT. These sites may contain information that is copyrighted with restrictions on reuse. Permission to use copyrighted materials must be obtained form the original source.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
9. This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of Thailand.
General
10. BOT reserves its exclusive right in its sole discretion to alter, limit or discontinue the site or any Materials in any respect. BOT shall have no obligation to take the needs of any user into consideration in connection therewith.
11. BOT reserves the right to deny in its sole discretion any user access to this Site or any portion thereof without notice.
12. No waiver by BOT of any provision of this Agreement shall be binding except as set forth in a writing signed by its duly authorized representative.
https://www.bot.or.th/English/TermsAndCondition/Pages/default.aspx