Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions of Service & Information
Chambers and Partners provides access and use of this site subject to the following terms and conditions.
Use of this website constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Chambers and Partners reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time.
Material displayed on the site may not be copied, reproduced, or republished without the prior written permission of Chambers and Partners.
Chambers and Partners hereby gives formal notice that any person found to be guilty of any abuse of this website is liable to be pursued for any damage caused, and furthermore any damage caused to the intellectual property rights of Chambers and Partners.
Chambers and Partners make no representation or endorsement of the quality and services supplied by companies or firms that may be found on this website. In no event will Chambers and Partners be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use, data, or profits, whether in action of contract, negligence or other tort action, arising out of or in connection with the use of the website.
If any of the terms and conditions should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that term or condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from this clause but the remaining terms and conditions shall survive, and remain in full force and effect, continuing to be binding and enforceable. These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. All disputes arising shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England. Please note: We accept no responsibility for any transactions that take place between all parties.
No.3 Waterhouse Square
138 Holborn, London, UK
EC1N 2SW
Tel: 020 7606 8844
Email: [email protected]
https://chambers.com/info/terms-and-conditions