Terms & Conditions
IMPORTANT - PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE AND/OR USING THE ONLINE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT ANY OF THESE TERMS OR CONDITIONS, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY DISCONTINUE YOUR ACCESS OF THIS WEBSITE AND/OR USE OF THE ONLINE SERVICES.
Click here for Terms & Conditions governing Electronic Services (Singapore)
Copyright and Trademark Notices
Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, the copyright and all other intellectual property in the contents of this website (including, but not limited to, all design, text, sound recordings, images or links) are the property of DBS Bank Ltd ("DBS Bank") and/or its holding company and/or its subsidiaries and/or the subsidiaries of its holding company (together the "DBS Group"). As such, they may not be reproduced, transmitted, published, performed, broadcast, stored, adapted, distributed, displayed, licensed, altered, hyperlinked or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without the prior written consent of the DBS Group. Save and except with the DBS Group's prior written consent, you may not insert a hyperlink to this website or any part thereof on any other website or "mirror" or frame this website, any part thereof, or any information or materials contained in this website on any other server, website or webpage.
All trade marks, service marks and logos used in this website are the property of the DBS Group and/or the respective third party proprietors identified in this website. No licence or right is granted and your access to this website and/or use of the online services should not be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any trade marks, service marks or logos appearing on the website without the prior written consent of the DBS Group or the relevant third party proprietor thereof. Save and except with the DBS Group's prior written consent, no such trade mark, service mark or logo may be used as a hyperlink or to mark any hyperlink to any DBS Group member's site or any other site.
Disclaimer
The information and materials contained in or accessed through this website are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and are of a general nature which have not been verified, considered or assessed by any member of the DBS Group in relation to the making of any specific investment, business, financial or commercial decision. Such information and materials are provided for general information only and you should seek professional advice at all times and obtain independent verification of the information and materials contained herein before making any decision based on any such information or materials.
The DBS Group does not warrant the truth, accuracy, adequacy, completeness or reasonableness of the information and materials contained in or accessed through this website and expressly disclaims liability for any errors in, or omissions from, such information and materials. No warranty of any kind, implied, express or statutory (including but not limited to, warranties of title, merchantability, satisfactory quality, non-infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus and other melicious code), is given in conjunction with such information and materials, or this website in general.
Under no circumstances shall the DBS Group be liable regardless of the form of action for any failure of performance, system, server or connection failure, error, omission, interruption, breach of security, computer virus, malicious code, corruption, delay in operation or transmission, transmission error or unavailability of access in connection with your accessing this website and/or using the online services even if the DBS Group had been advised as to the possibility.
In no event shall the DBS Group be liable to you or any other party for any damages, losses, expenses or costs whatsoever (including without limitation, any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, loss of profits or loss opportunity) arising in connection with your use of this website, or reliance on any information, materials or online services provided at this website, regardless of the form of action and even if the DBS Group had been advised as to the possibility of such damages.
Hyperlinks
For your convenience, the DBS Group may include hyperlinks to websites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third parties. Such linked websites are not under the control of the DBS Group and the DBS Group cannot accept responsibility for the contents of or the consequences of accessing any linked website or any link contained in a linked website. Furthermore, the hyperlinks provided in this website shall not be considered or construed as an endorsement or verification of such linked websites or the contents therein by the DBS Group. You agree that your access to and/or use of such linked websites is entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of access and/or use contained therein.
Indemnity
You hereby agree to indemnify and save the DBS Group harmless against all damages, losses, expenses and costs (including legal costs) suffered or incurred by the DBS Group in connection with or arising from (1) your access of this website and/or use of the online services, or (2) any other party's access of this website and/or use of the online services using your user id and/or login password, or (3) your breach of any of these Terms and Conditions of Access, or (4) any other party's breach of any of these Terms and Conditions of Access where such party was able to access this website and/or use the online services by using your user id and/or login password.
Miscellaneous
The information and materials contained in or accessed through this website shall not be considered or construed as an offer or solicitation to sell, buy, give, take, issue, allot or transfer, or as the giving of any advice in respect of shares, stocks, bonds, notes, interests, unit trusts, mutual funds or other securities, investments, loans, advances, credits or deposits in any jurisdiction.
The information and materials herein are subject to change (including, without limitation, modification, deletion or replacement thereof) without notice.
The DBS Group may terminate your access to this website and/or your use of the online services at any time without notice and without assigning any reason therefor.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Nothing herein shall be construed as a representation by the DBS Group that the information and materials contained in or accessed through this website is appropriate or available for use in geographic areas or jurisdictions other than Singapore. By accessing this website and/or using the online services, you agree that such access and/or use, as well as these Terms and Conditions of Access shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Singapore and you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.
https://www.dbs.com/terms/default.page