KBC registration 2020 procedure, terms and conditions, SonyLiv App download: The registration for Kaun Banega Crorepati (KBC) are opening today on SonyLiv app and on Sony TV for the 12th season. The KBC 2020 registration starting date and time is May 09, 2020, 9 pm, the host of the show Mr Amitabh Bachchan announced. The registration procedure for KBC 2020 is that the aspiring participants would be asked questions on TV till May 22nd, 2020 and you can submit your answers via SonyLiv app and Sony TV.
The detailed process of how to register for KBC 2020 is given below. Also check the Sony Liv KBC terms and conditions here below. This will be the first time in the history of the show when the entire registration and screening process will be done digitally, owing to the ongoing country-wide lockdown in view of the COVID-19 pandemic.
KBC Registration procedure 2020
The online registration process for Kaun Banega Crorepati 2020 consists of four stages; given below:
Stage 1: KBC Host Amitabh Bachchan will ask the questions on Sony TV on the live show from May 9th to May 22nd, 2020. The aspirants have to submit their answer through SonyLiv app or via SMS. Those who will get the answers correct, will head to the next stage.
KBC Host Amitabh Bachchan will ask the questions on Sony TV on the live show from May 9th to May 22nd, 2020. The aspirants have to submit their answer through SonyLiv app or via SMS. Those who will get the answers correct, will head to the next stage. Stage 2 : The participants who submitted correct answers would then shortlisted and screened for further processes through phone calls. The shortlist is prepared following the certain rules and pre-defined eligibility/reservation criteria by the randomiser.
: The participants who submitted correct answers would then shortlisted and screened for further processes through phone calls. The shortlist is prepared following the certain rules and pre-defined eligibility/reservation criteria by the randomiser. Stage 3 : In the third stage, the participants would have to take online audition and video submission.
: In the third stage, the participants would have to take online audition and video submission. Stage 4: This final stage consists of personal interviews of the aspiring participants who made it so far in the selection process. The interviews would be conducted via video calling.
The aspirants who would last these 4 steps will then proceed to the ‘hot seat’ in Kaun Banega Crorepati season 12.
How to register for KBC 2020
The aspiring participants should download the SonyLiv App in their mobile phones through Google Play store or Apple’s app store and submit the answers for the questions that will be asked when the KBC show air at 9 pm on Sony TV.
SonyLiv KBC 2020 app download link- visit here ( Only download the official SonyLiv App which is sponsored by Sony Pictures Networks India Pvt. Ltd Entertainment).
After downloading the SonyLiv app, you will be required to enter your mobile number and email ID (active ones) and few other basic details such name, age (should be 18+ years), occupation (teacher/student/farmer etc.), education (graduation, post graduation etc.) and select the region you are from. Make sure to read the terms and conditions such as minimum age and others in the Sony app during registrations.
After filling the basic details, your Kaun Banega Crorepati online registration form will be complete and then you can answer the questions to participate.
You can also watch the show live on Sony TV website (sonyliv.com) here.
The toll free numbers will be announced tonight. Stay tuned here for more news.
https://examistan.in/kbc-registration-2020-sonyliv-app/