Terms of Service
Last updated, April 2018
1. Definitions
When used in these Terms with the initial letters capitalized, in addition to terms defined elsewhere in these Terms, the following terms have the following meanings:
Account: means all Forecast accounts or instances created by or on behalf of Subscriber or its Users within the Service.
User: means an individual authorized to use the Service through Your Account as a user and/or administrator as identified through a unique login.
API: means the application programming interfaces developed and enabled by Forecast that permits Subscriber to access certain functionality provided by the Service, including without limitation, the Forecast REST API that enables the interaction with a Forecast instance automatically through HTTP requests and the Forecast application development API that enables the integration of a Forecast instance with other web applications.
Confidential Information: means all information disclosed by You to Forecast or by Forecast to You which is in tangible form and labeled “confidential” (or with a similar legend) or which a reasonable person would understand to be confidential given the nature of the information and circumstances of disclosure. For purposes of these Terms, Your Data shall be deemed Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include information that (a) was already known to the receiving party at the time of disclosure by the disclosing party; (b) was or is obtained by the receiving party by a third party not known by the receiving party to be under an obligation of confidentiality with respect to such information; (c) is or becomes generally available to the public other than by violation of these Terms; or (d) was or is independently developed by the receiving party without use of the disclosing party’s Confidential Information.
Documentation: means any written or electronic documentation, images, video, text or sounds specifying the functionalities of the Service provided or made available by Forecast to You or Users.
Form: means any Forecast generated service order form executed or approved by You with respect to Your subscription to the Service, which form may detail, among other things, the number of Users authorized to use the Service under Your subscription to the Service and the Service Plan applicable to Your subscription to the Service.
Other Services: means third party products, applications, services, software, products, networks, systems, directories, websites, databases and information which the Service links to, or which You may connect to or enable in conjunction with the Service, including, without limitation, certain Other Services which may be integrated directly into Your Forecast Service.
Service: means the online Professional Service Automation (PSA) tools and platform provided by Forecast, including, individually and collectively, Software, the API and any Documentation. Any new or modified features added to or augmenting the Service or updates or enhancements to the Service (“Updates”) are also subject to these Terms and We reserve the right to deploy Updates at any time.
Service Plan: means the service plan and the functionality and services associated therewith (as detailed on the Site) for which You subscribe with respect to each User.
Site: means forecast.app and all other websites owned or operated by Forecast or its subsidiaries.
Software: means software provided by Forecast that allows a User to use any functionality in connection with the Service.
Subscription Term: means the period during which You have agreed to subscribe to the Service with respect to any individual User.
Your Data: means all electronic data, text, messages or other materials submitted to the Service by You and Users in connection with Your use of the Service.
Forecast.app: means Forecast ApS, a Danish corporation, or any of its successors or assignees. In these Terms, Forecast may also be referred to through the use of “We” or “Our.”
2. General conditions; Access to and use of the service
2.1 During the Subscription Term and subject to compliance by You and Users with these Terms, You have the limited right to access and use the Service consistent with the Service Plan You subscribe to for Your internal business purposes. Without limiting the foregoing, Your right to access and use the API is also subject to the restrictions and policies implemented by Forecast from time to time with respect to the API as set forth in the Documentation or otherwise communicated to You in writing.
2.2 A high speed Internet connection is required for proper transmission of the Service. You are responsible for procuring and maintaining the network connections that connect Your network to the Service, including, but not limited to, “browser” software that supports protocols used by Forecast, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol or other protocols accepted by Forecast, and to follow procedures for accessing services that support such protocols. We are not responsible for notifying You, or Users of any upgrades, fixes or enhancements to any such software or for any compromise of data, including Your Data, transmitted across computer networks or telecommunications facilities (including but not limited to the Internet) which are not owned, operated or controlled by Forecast.it. We assume no responsibility for the reliability or performance of any connections as described in this section.
2.3 You agree not to (a) license, sublicense, sell, resell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, time share or otherwise commercially exploit or make the Service available to any third party, other than authorized Users in furtherance of Your internal business purposes as expressly permitted by these Terms; (b) use the Service to process data on behalf of any third party other than Users; (c) modify, adapt, or hack the Service or otherwise attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service or related systems or networks; (d) falsely imply any sponsorship or association with Forecast, (e) use the Service in any unlawful manner, including but not limited to violation of any person’s privacy rights; (f) use the Service to send unsolicited or unauthorized junk mail, spam, pyramid schemes or other forms of duplicative or unsolicited messages; (g) use the Service to store or transmit files, materials, data, text, audio, video, images or other content that infringes on any person’s intellectual property rights; (h) use the Service in any manner that interferes with or disrupts the integrity or performance of the Service and its components; (i) attempt to decipher, decompile, reverse engineer or otherwise discover the source code of any software making up the Service; (j) use the Service to knowingly post, transmit, upload, link to, send or store any content that is unlawful, racist, hateful, abusive, libelous, obscene, or discriminatory; (k) use the Service to knowingly post transmit, upload, link to, send or store any viruses, malware, Trojan horses, time bombs, or any other similar harmful software (“Malicious Software”); or (l) try to use, or use the Service in violation of these Terms.
2.4 You are responsible for compliance with the provisions of these Terms by Users for any and all activities that occur under Your Account, as well as for all Your Data. Without limiting the foregoing, You are solely responsible for ensuring that use of the Service to store and transmit Your Data is compliant with all applicable laws and regulations. You also maintain all responsibility for determining whether the Service or the information generated thereby is accurate or sufficient for Your purposes. Forecast is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with Your enablement, access or use of any estimates provided by the Service. Forecast is not liable for the accuracy or precision of the estimates generated using the Service by You, Users or End Users. Subject to any limitation on the number of individual Users available under the Service Plan for which You subscribed, access to and use of the Service is restricted to the specified number of individual Users permitted under Your subscription to the Service. You agree and acknowledge that each User will be identified by a unique username and password (“Login”) and that a User Login may only be used by one (1) individual. You will not share a User Login among multiple individuals. You and Your Users are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of all Login information for Your Account.
2.5 In addition to Our rights as set forth in Section 7.4, Forecast reserves the right, in Forecast’s reasonable discretion, to temporarily suspend Your access to and use of the Service: (a) during planned downtime for upgrades and maintenance to the Service (of which Forecast will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify You in advance both through Our forum page and a notice to Your Account owner and Users) (“Planned Downtime”); (b) during any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Our reasonable control, such as, but not limited to, acts of God, acts of government, acts of terror or civil unrest, technical failures beyond Our reasonable control (including, without limitation, inability to access the Internet), or acts undertaken by third parties, including without limitation, distributed denial of service attacks; or (c) if We suspect or detect any Malicious Software connected to Your Account or use of the Service by You, Users or End Users. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to schedule Planned Downtime for weekends and other off-peak hours.
3. Data privacy and security; Confidentiality
3.1 Subject to the express permissions of these Terms, You and Forecast will protect each other’s Confidential Information from unauthorized use, access or disclosure in the same manner as each protects its own Confidential Information, but with no less than reasonable care. Except as otherwise expressly permitted pursuant to these Terms, each of us may use each other’s Confidential Information solely to exercise our respective rights and perform our respective obligations under these Terms and shall disclose such Confidential Information solely to those of our respective employees, representatives and users who have a need to know such Confidential Information for such purposes and who are bound to maintain the confidentiality of, and not misuse, such Confidential Information.
3.2 Forecast will maintain commercially reasonable administrative and technical safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of Your Data. These safeguards include encryption of Your Data in transmission (using SSL or similar technologies). Our compliance with the provisions of this Section 3.2 shall be deemed compliance with Our obligations to protect Your Data as set forth in Section 3.1.
3.3 You agree that Forecast and the service providers We use to assist in providing the Service to You shall have the right to access Your Account and to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, display and disclose Your Data solely to the extent necessary to provide the Service, including, without limitation, in response to Your support requests. Any third party service providers We utilize will only be given access to Your Account and Your Data as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service and will be subject to confidentiality obligations.
3.4 We collect certain information about You and Users as well as Your and their respective devices, computers and use of the Service. We use, disclose, and protect this information as described in Our Privacy Policy, the then-current version of which is available at forecast.app/privacy-policy and is incorporated into the Terms.
3.5 All personal data collection is described in more detail in our Data Processing Agreement.
4. Intellectual property rights
Each of us shall maintain all rights, title and interest in and to all our respective patents, inventions, copyrights, trademarks, domain names, trade secrets, know-how and any other intellectual property and/or proprietary rights (collectively, “Intellectual Property Rights”). The rights granted to You and Users to use the Service under these Terms do not convey any additional rights in the Service, or in any Intellectual Property Rights associated therewith. Subject only to limited rights to access and use the Service as expressly herein, all rights, title and interest in and to the Service and all hardware, software and other components of or used to provide the Service, including all related intellectual property rights, will remain with and belong exclusively to Forecast. Forecast shall have a royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, irrevocable and perpetual license to incorporate into the Service or otherwise use any suggestions, enhancement requests, recommendations or other feedback We receive from You or Users. Forecast, and Forecast’s other product and service names, and logos used or displayed on the Service are registered or unregistered trademarks of Forecast (collectively, “Marks”), and You may only use such Marks to identify You as a Subscriber; provided You do not attempt, now or in the future, to claim any rights in the Marks, degrade the distinctiveness of the Marks, or use the Marks to disparage or misrepresent Forecast, its services or products.
5. Third-party services
If You decide to enable, access or use Other Services, be advised that Your access and use of such Other Services is governed solely by the terms and conditions of such Other Services, and We do not endorse, are not responsible or liable for, and make no representations as to any aspect of such Other Services, including, without limitation, their content or the manner in which they handle data (including Your Data) or any interaction between You and the provider of such Other Services. You irrevocably waive any claim against Forecast with respect to such Other Services. Forecast is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with Your enablement, access or use of any such Other Services, or Your reliance on the privacy practices, data security processes or other policies of such Other Services. You may be required to register for or log into such Other Services on their respective websites. By enabling any Other Services, You are expressly permitting Forecast to disclose Your Login as well as Your Data as necessary to facilitate the use or enablement of such Other Service.
6. Billing, plan modifications and payments
6.1 Unless otherwise indicated on a Form referencing these Terms and subject to Section 6.2, all charges associated with Your access to and use of the Service (“Subscription Charges”) are due in full upon commencement of Your Subscription Term. If You fail to pay Your Subscription Charges or charges for other services indicated on any Form referencing these Terms within five (5) business days of Our notice to You that payment is due or delinquent, or if You do not update payment information upon Our request, in addition to Our other remedies, We may suspend or terminate access to and use of the Service by You and Users.
6.2 If You choose to increase Your number of authorized Users during Your Subscription Term (a “Subscription Upgrade”), any incremental Subscription Charges associated with such Subscription Upgrade will be prorated over the remaining period of Your then current Subscription Term, charged to Your Account and due and payable upon implementation of such Subscription Upgrade. In any future Subscription Term, Your Subscription Charges will reflect any such Subscription Upgrades.
6.3 Unless otherwise stated, Our charges do not include any taxes, levies, duties or similar governmental assessments, including value-added, sales, use or withholding taxes assessable by any local, state, provincial or foreign jurisdiction (collectively “Taxes”). You are responsible for paying Taxes except those assessable against Forecast based on its income. We will invoice You for such Taxes if We believe We have a legal obligation to do so and You agree to pay such Taxes if so invoiced.
6.4 If You pay by credit card, the Service provides an interface for the account owner to change credit card information (e.g. upon card renewal). The Account owner will receive a receipt upon each receipt of payment by Forecast, or they may obtain a receipt from within the Service to track subscription status. Forecast uses a third-party intermediary to manage credit card processing and this intermediary is not permitted to store, retain or use Your billing information except to process Your credit card information for Forecast.
7. Cancellation and termination
7.1 Either You or Forecast may elect to terminate Your Account and subscription to the Service as of the end of your then current Subscription Term by providing notice, in accordance with these Terms, on or prior to the date thirty (30) days preceding the end of such Subscription Term. Unless Your Account and subscription to the Service is so terminated, Your subscription to the Service will renew for a Subscription Term equivalent in length to the then expiring Subscription Term. Unless otherwise provided for in any Form, the Subscription Charges applicable to Your subscription to the Service for any such subsequent Subscription Term shall be Our standard Subscription Charges for the Service Plan to which You have subscribed as of the time such subsequent Subscription Term commences.
7.2 No refunds or credits for Subscription Charges or other fees or payments will be provided to You if You elect to terminate Your subscription to the Service or cancel Your Account prior to the end of Your then effective Subscription Term. Following the termination or cancellation of Your subscription to the Service and/or Account, We reserve the right to delete all Your Data in the normal course of operation. Your Data cannot be recovered once Your Account is cancelled.
7.3 If You terminate Your subscription to the Service or cancel Your Account prior to the end of Your then effective Subscription Term or We effect such termination or cancellation pursuant to Section 2.5(c) or 7.4, in addition to other amounts You may owe Forecast, You must immediately pay any then unpaid Subscription Charges associated with the remainder of such Subscription Term. This amount will not be payable by You in the event You terminate Your subscription to the Service or cancel Your Account as a result of a material breach of these Terms by Forecast, provided that You provide advance notice of such breach to Forecast and afford Forecast not less than thirty (30) days to reasonably cure such breach.
7.4 Forecast reserves the right to modify, suspend or terminate the Service (or any part thereof), Your Account or Your and/or Users’ rights to access and use the Service, and remove, disable and discard any of Your Data if We believe that You or Users have violated these Terms. Unless legally prohibited from doing so, Forecast will use commercially reasonable efforts to contact You directly via email to notify You when taking any of the foregoing actions. Forecast shall not be liable to You and Users, or any other third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuation of Your rights to access and use the Service. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive, or illegal activity by You or Users may be referred to law enforcement authorities at Our sole discretion.
8. Disclaimer of warranties
THE SITE AND THE SERVICE, INCLUDING ALL SERVER AND NETWORK COMPONENTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND FORECAST EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT FORECAST DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, ERROR-FREE OR FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER MALICIOUS SOFTWARE, AND NO INFORMATION OR ADVICE OBTAINED BY YOU FROM FORECAST OR THROUGH THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS.
9. Limitation of liability
9.1 UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) WILL EITHER PARTY TO THESE TERMS, OR THEIR AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, USERS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST SALES OR BUSINESS, LOST DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER LOSS INCURRED BY SUCH PARTY OR THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF OR COULD HAVE FORESEEN SUCH DAMAGES.
9.2 NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THESE TERMS, FORECAST’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF THESE TERMS OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUBSCRIPTION TO, OR USE OR EMPLOYMENT OF THE SERVICE, SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE SUBSCRIPTION CHARGES PAID BY YOU DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE FIRST EVENT OR OCCURRENCE GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF THIS SECTION 9.2 IS TO ALLOCATE THE RISKS UNDER THESE TERMS BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND LIMIT POTENTIAL LIABILITY GIVEN THE SUBSCRIPTION CHARGES, WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN SUBSTANTIALLY HIGHER IF FORECAST WERE TO ASSUME ANY FURTHER LIABILITY OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH HEREIN. FORECAST.IT HAS RELIED ON THESE LIMITATIONS IN DETERMINING WHETHER TO PROVIDE YOU THE RIGHTS TO ACCESS AND USE THE SERVICE PROVIDED FOR IN THESE TERMS.
9.3 Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply to You. IN THESE JURISDICTIONS, FORECAST.IT's LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
10. Indemnification
10.1 Forecast will indemnify and hold You harmless, from and against any claim against You by reason of Your use of the Service as permitted hereunder, brought by a third party alleging that the Service infringes or misappropriates a third party’s valid patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret (an “IP Claim”). Forecast shall, at its expense, defend such IP Claim and pay damages finally awarded against You in connection therewith, including the reasonable fees and expenses of the attorneys engaged by Forecast for such defense, provided that (a) You promptly notify Forecast of the threat or notice of such IP Claim, (b) Forecast will have the sole and exclusive control and authority to select defense attorneys, defend and/or settle any such IP Claim, and (c) You fully cooperate with Forecast in connection therewith. If use of the Service by You, Users or End Users has become, or in Forecast’s opinion is likely to become, the subject of any such IP Claim, Forecast may at its option and expense (a) procure for You the right to continue using the Service as set forth hereunder; (b) replace or modify the Service to make it non-infringing; or (c) if options (a) or (b) are not commercially and reasonably practicable as determined by Forecast, terminate Your subscription to the Service and repay You, on a pro-rated basis, any Subscription Charges previously paid to Forecast for the corresponding unused portion of Your Subscription Term. Forecast will have no liability or obligation under this Section 10.1 with respect to any IP Claim if such claim is caused in whole or in part by (i) compliance with designs, data, instructions or specifications provided by You; (ii) modification of the Service by anyone other than Forecast; or (iii) the combination, operation or use of the Service with other hardware or software where the Service would not by itself be infringing.
The provisions of this Section 10.1 state the sole, exclusive and entire liability of Forecast to You and constitute Your sole remedy with respect to an IP Claim brought by reason of access to or use of the Service by You or Users.
10.2 You will indemnify and hold Forecast harmless against any claim brought by a third party against Forecast arising from or related to use of the Service by You or Users in breach of these Terms or matters which You have expressly agreed to be responsible pursuant to these Terms; provided that Forecast promptly notifies You of the threat or notice of such a claim.
11. Assignment; Entire agreement; Revisions
11.1 You may not, directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, assign all or any part of these Terms or Your rights under these Terms or delegate performance of Your duties under these Terms without Forecast’s prior consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. We may, without Your consent, assign Our agreement with You to any affiliate or in connection with any merger or change of control of Forecast or the sale of all or substantially all of Our assets provided that any such successor agrees to fulfill its obligations pursuant to these Terms. Subject to the foregoing restrictions, these Terms will be fully binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and their respective successors and assigns.
11.2 These Terms, together with any Form(s), constitute the entire agreement, and supersede any and all prior agreements between You and Forecast.it with regard to the subject matter hereof. We may amend these Terms from time to time, in which case the new Terms will supersede prior versions. We will notify You not less than ten (10) days prior to the effective date of any such amendment and Your continued use of the Service following the effective date of any such amendment may be relied upon by Forecast as Your consent to any such amendment. Forecast.it’s failure to enforce at any time any provision of these Terms does not constitute a waiver of that provision or of any other provision of the Terms.
12. Severability
If any provision in these Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provision shall be modified by the court and interpreted so as to best accomplish the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of these Terms shall remain in effect.
13. Relationship of the parties
The parties are independent contractors. These Terms do not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary or employment relationship among the parties.
14. Survival
Sections 1, 3, 4 and 8-14 shall survive any termination of our agreement with respect to use of the Service by You or Users. Termination of such agreement shall not limit Your or Forecast’s liability for obligations accrued as of or prior to such termination or for any breach of these Terms.
Contacting Forecast
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Forecast’s Terms of Service. You may contact us at info@forecast.it or at our mailing address below:
Forecast ApS
Frederiksborggade 20B, 1st floor
DK-1360 Copenhagen
Denmark
https://www.forecast.app/terms-and-conditions