The following Terms and Conditions of Sale concern the offer and sale of products on fritzhansen.com, owned and maintained by Fritz Hansen A/S, Allerødvej 8, 3450 Allerød, CVR nr. 14 12 02 11
We recommend that you read the terms and conditions closely before shopping on fritzhansen.com. The agreement is entered in Danish. Right of cancellation applies only for private consumers purchasing on fritzhansen.com. Requests for information should be made to webshop@fritzhansen.com or +45 48 17 23 00.
Purchasing online in the webshop
Fritz Hansen's webshop is open 24 hours a day. We process orders Monday to Friday between 09:00 - 16:00 CET. Orders placed outside this period will be processed the following working day.
You choose the products you would like to order on the products' pages and add them to your shopping bag. You may review your shopping bag at any time to check the prices and modify the content if needed. You are responsible for submitting valid customer information when placing your order.
Directly after you have placed your order, you will receive an order receipt by e-mail. Please note that this order receipt is not a binding order confirmation, but merely a confirmation that your order inquiry has been received by us. The binding order confirmation between you and Fritz Hansen is entered when Fritz Hansen by e-mail send a binding order confirmation shortly after.
Payment and delivery
In the Danish webshop all prices are stated in Danish kroner (DKK) incl. VAT (25%). In the Swedish webshop all prices are stated in Swedish kroner (SEK) incl. VAT (25%). Delivery costs will be added to the total amount of the order. You choose the mode of delivery as part of the checkout. The applicable amount is the amount quoted when you place your order.
Payment
We accept the following payment options:
Dankort
VisaDankort
Visa
MasterCard
The amount is reserved on your chosen payment method when you place your order. We withdraw the amount when the products are shipped from our warehouse. If you ordered a custom made-to-order product we withdraw the amount when production of the product is started. If your order contains several products and one or more of the products are in back order or are made-to-order products then we withdraw the amount for these products when they are shipped from our warehouse. No credit card fees are charged by Fritz Hansen. Your invoice will be sent by e-mail immediately before the delivery of your order.
Delivery
We deliver products purchased on fritzhansen.com to Denmark and Sweden. We do not deliver to Greenland, the Faroe Islands and Iceland or other countries. Dependent on the current order it will be delivered by courier or carrier with expertise with delivery and handling of furniture. The actual delivery method will appear at checkout.
We aim to deliver your order as quickly as possible and the estimated time of delivery appears on the product page, the shopping bag and the order receipt which you will receive immediately after your purchase. If your order contains products with different delivery time, e.g. if you order both an on-stock product and a made-to-order product or a product in back order, we will part deliver your order. In case we face delay in production or any other unforeseen delay related to the delivery it can have an impact on the delivery time. We strive to contact you as soon as possible in case your order is delayed.
Courier delivery (parcels)
Parcel delivery, where the products ordered are on stock, will be delivered within 2-3 workdays after your purchase. The parcel will be delivered to an address or pick up point of your choice. Parcels are delivered by Postnord.
Carrier delivery (pallets and furniture)
Pallets and furniture delivery, where the products ordered are on stock, will be picked up by the carrier the following working day. You will be contacted by the carrier within 2-3 workdays after your purchase to arrange a specific delivery day and time. In Denmark we offer delivery to curbside, indoor delivery and indoor delivery with assembly and removing of all packing materials. In Sweden we offer indoor delivery. Pallets and furniture are delivered by Thortrans/Hvejsel.
It is your responsibility that the order can be received. In case of indoor delivery and indoor delivery with assembly it is important that you make sure that the ordered products can pass the entrance door, stairway etc. and that access to the room where assembly will take place is possible. Information about particular means of access must be provided when you place your order. We reserve the right to deliver at curbside or first entrance point if indoor delivery is impossible.
Delivery of pallets and furniture require that a person of legal age is present. The person must have your power of attorney to sign for receipt of the order. It is important that you check the delivery to make sure there you have received the products ordered and that there are no visible damages. If everything is as expected the carrier will ask you to sign for the receipt.
In case the packaging is damaged or have other visible indications of defects, remember to sign for receipt with reservations of potential damages of the products or refrain from receiving the delivery and ask the carrier to return the delivery to Fritz Hansen.
If a product is damaged or defect after unwrapping please contact our sales support who will help find a solution. Due to proof of the faulty item please contact our sales support no later than 5 days after the receipt of the product. Please not that this does not affect your statutory rights.
Carrier delivery of made-to-order products
Delivery time for made-to-order products is "ex works" which means that the product will be finished in production and sent from our factory. You will accordingly be contacted by our carrier to arrange a specific delivery day and time. The actual delivery depends on your agreement with the carrier.
Cancellation
You can cancel your order without any reason within 14 days after you have received your order. The cancellation deadline is 14 days after the day you or another person chosen by you (except the courier or carrier) is in physical possession of the products ordered.
If you have ordered several products and we are unable to deliver all products at the same time, then the cancellation deadline is 14 days after you or another person chosen by you (except the courier or carrier) is in physical passion of the last remaining product ordered. If the deadline of cancellation is on a bank holiday, Saturday, Constitution Day, Christmas Eve or New Year's Eve Day the deadline of cancellation is extended to the following working day. Made to order products cannot be cancelled.
How to make use of cancellation
Please notify us about your cancellation by sending an e-mail or snail mail to:
Fritz Hansen A/S
Allerødvej 8
3400 Allerød
Denmark
Att.: Webshop
Phone: +45 70 80 70 90
E-mail: webshop@fritzhansen.com
You cannot cancel you order by refusing receipt of the delivery or refrain from collecting it at a pick up point without notifying us about your cancellation. You can use the Danish law's standard cancellation form but it is not mandatory. If you do we will send a confirmation of your cancellation by e-mail immediately. Link to the standard cancellation form will be sent to you together with the order confirmation. The cancellation is fulfilled when you notify us by e-mail or snail mail about the cancellation before the cancellation deadline expires.
https://fritzhansen.com/en-us/customer-service/terms-and-conditions