Terms & Conditions
Please Read These Terms And Conditions Carefully. These Terms, As Modified Or Amended From Time To Time, Are A Binding Contract Between Www.Grandpitstop.Com (Gr Innovations) And You. If You Visit, Use, Or Shop At Our Site, You Accept These Terms. In Addition, When You Use Any Current Or Future Services Of The Company Or Visit Or Purchase From Any Seller Affiliated With The Company, You Will Be Subject To The Guidelines And Conditions Applicable To Such Service Or Seller. If These Conditions Are Inconsistent With Such Guidelines And Conditions, Such Guidelines And Conditions Shall Prevail.
As a condition of purchase, the Site requires your permission to send you administrative and promotional emails. We will send you information regarding your account activity and purchases, as well as updates about our Products and promotional offers. You can opt-out of our promotional emails anytime by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our email correspondences.
USER AGREEMENT
You ("You" or "End User" or "Your" or "Buyer" or "Customer") are required to read and accept all of the terms and conditions laid down in these Terms and Conditions ( "Terms" ) and the linked Privacy Policy, before you may use www.grandpitstop.com (hereinafter referred to as "Site"" or "Company" or "we" or "our"). The Site allows you to browse, select and purchase motorcycle accessories.
The term 'User' may refer to Seller and Users may refer to 'Seller' and 'Buyer' as and where applicable. This User Agreement ("Agreement") sets out the terms and conditions on which GrandPItstop shall provide the Services to the Users through the Website. The Users shall be deemed to have read, understood and accepted this Agreement, which may be updated or modified by GrandPitstop from time to time.
The use of the Website is offered to the Users conditioned on acceptance without modification of all the terms, conditions and notices contained in this Agreement and as may be posted on the Website from time to time. This Agreement shall be effective and binding upon Users' 'acceptance'. 'Acceptance' shall mean Users' affirmative action in clicking on "I have read the Terms and Conditions and I accept them" box and on the Submit button as provided on the registration page. For removal of doubts, it is clarified that use of the Website by the Users constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance by the Users of this Agreement. If the Users do not agree with any part of such terms, conditions and notices, the Users must not use the Website.
GrandPitstop at its sole discretion reserves the right not to facilitate acceptance of any request by the users for listing, display or offering any products and services through the website without assigning any reason thereof. Any contract to provide any service by GrandPitstop is not complete until the entire consideration towards the service is received by GrandPitstop.
By placing an order, you make an offer to us to purchase products you have selected based on standard Site restrictions, Merchant specific restrictions, and on the terms and conditions stated below.
You are required to create an account in order to purchase any product from the Site. This is required so we can provide you with easy access to print your orders and view your past purchases. The Site takes no responsibility for the services or products that are sold or supplied by third party sellers. The Company makes no warranty to their end users for the quality, safety, usability, or other aspect of a product or service that is supplied by a seller and/for services that may involve potential bodily harm the Company takes no responsibility for the service or activity being offered, and the User takes responsibility for his or her own actions in utilizing those services.
We shall have no responsibility in any manner whatsoever regarding any promotional emails or SMS/MMS sent to you. The offers made in those promotional emails or SMS/MMS shall be subject to change at the sole discretion of the Company and the Company owes no responsibility to provide you any information regarding such change.
Cashback Policy:
https://www.grandpitstop.com/terms-gps