TERMS OF USE

WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
The Hyve Website is comprised of various web pages operated by Hyve.

The Hyve Website is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Hyve Website constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.

MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS OF USE
Hyve reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Hyve Website is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the Hyve Website.

LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The Hyve Website may contain links to other Websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Hyve and Hyve is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Hyve is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. The Hyve Website is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Hyve of the site or any association with its operators.

NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition of your use of the Hyve Website, you warrant to Hyve that you will not use the Hyve Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Hyve Website in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Hyve Website or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Hyve Website. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Hyve Website.

MATERIALS PROVIDED TO HYVE OR POSTED AT ANY HYVE WEBSITE
Hyve does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to the Hyve Website (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Hyve Website or its associated services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting Hyve , its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.

No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Hyve is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time at Hyve's sole discretion.

By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.

LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
The information, software, products, and services included in or available through the Hyve Website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Hyve and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the Hyve Website at any time. Advice received via the Hyve Website should not be relied upon for personal, medical, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.

Hyve and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on the Hyve Website for any purpose. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty or condition of any kind. Hyve and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Hyve and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the Hyve Website, with the delay or inability to use the Hyve Website or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the Hyve Website, or otherwise arising out of the use of the Hyve Website, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if Hyve or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Hyve Website, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Hyve Website.

Service contact : [email protected]

TERMINATION/ACCESS RESTRICTION
Hyve reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Hyve Website and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.

GENERAL
To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by English law and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in England & Wales in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Hyve Website.

Hyve's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of Hyve's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Hyve Website or information provided to or gathered by Hyve with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Hyve with respect to the Hyve Website and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Hyve with respect to the Hyve Website. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent an d subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English.

ADDITIONAL DISCLAIMER RELATING TO INVESTOR RELATIONS INFORMATION
Reports are prepared solely to provide additional information to shareholders as a body to assess the Company’s strategies and the potential for those strategies to succeed. Reports should not be relied on by any other party or for any other purpose.

Reports may include forward-looking statements made by the directors in good faith based on the information available up to the time of approving their publication. These statements should be treated with caution due to the inherent uncertainties, including both economic and business risk factors, underlying such forward-looking information.

COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES:
Copyright law protects all materials available in the websites published by Hyve Group plc and its subsidiaries.

Copyright © Hyve Group plc, 2019 and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved.

No part of the materials available in any of the Hyve Group’s websites may be copied, photocopied, reproduced, translated or reduced to any electronic medium or machine-readable form, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Hyve Group plc. Any other reproduction in any form without the permission of the Hyve Group is prohibited. Distribution for commercial purposes is prohibited. Written requests for reprint or other permission should be mailed or emailed to:

Head of Digital
The Studios
2 Kingdom Street
Paddington
London
W2 6JG
[email protected]

Please do not use the above email address with any queries other than those relating to copyright. If you have any questions not relating to copyright please email [email protected].

Copyright © Hyve Group plc, 2019 and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved.
https://hyve.group/Terms-of-use