This page tells you the terms on which you may make use of this website www.icmm.com (the "Website"). Please read these terms carefully before you start to use this Website.
By using this Website, you indicate that you accept the following terms and conditions and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using this Website.
This Website is managed by the International Council on Mining and Metals ("ICMM" or "we").
1. Access to this Website
1.1 We reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on this Website without notice or to restrict access to this Website. We shall not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
2. Hyperlinking
2.1 We welcome you to link to the homepage of this Website provided that:
you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it
you do not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists
the website from which you are linking does not contain content that is distasteful, offensive or controversial, does not infringe any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person and complies with all applicable laws and regulations.
2.2 This Website must not be framed on any other website, nor may you create a link to any part of this Website other than the homepage.
2.3 We reserve the right to withdraw this permission to link to this Website without notice.
2.4 If you would like to use the ICMM logo in conjunction with the link, please send a request to info@icmm.com.
3. Linking by us
3.1 We are not responsible for, and make no representation on, the content or reliability of linked websites, and linking should not be taken as endorsement of any kind. We have no control over the availability of linked pages and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
4. Disclaimer
4.1 ICMM excludes all representations, warranties, conditions and other terms, either express or implied, as to the accuracy and completeness of the information on this Website, or its fitness for any purpose whatsoever.
4.2 In no event will ICMM be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the use of this Website or the information held on this Website.
4.3 Nothing in this clause 4 shall affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
5. Copyright statement
5.1 The material - including text, sound, and video - featured on this Website is the copyright of ICMM unless otherwise indicated. Subject to clause 6 below, such material may be reproduced free of charge in any format or medium, provided it is used for non-commercial, informational purposes only. This is subject to the material being reproduced accurately and not used in a misleading context.
5.2 Where any of the copyright items on this Website are being republished or copied to others, the source of the material must be identified and the copyright status acknowledged.
5.3 The permission to reproduce copyright protected material does not extend to any material on this Website that is identified as being the copyright of a third party. Authorisation to reproduce such material must be obtained from the copyright holders concerned.
5.4 For any proposed use of the material on this Website outside the scope of the licence under clause 5.1 above, please contact us at info@icmm.com. Explain how and why you wish to use the materials. Please include your name, organization, telephone number and e-mail address.
6. Names, images and logos
6.1 The names, images and logos identifying the International Council on Mining and Metals and any of its subsidiaries and third parties and their information, products and services, are proprietary marks of ICMM or third parties.
6.2 Requests for permission to use our logos should be directed to info@icmm.com. Explain how and why you wish to use our logo. Please include your name, organization, telephone number and email address.
7. Governing law and jurisdiction
7.1 These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Disputes arising in connection with these terms of use or a visit to this Website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
https://www.icmm.com/en-gb/footer/terms-and-conditions