6. Premium Services
6.1 The Premium Services can only be used in connection with IONOS products.

6.2 The Premium Services can only be used by and discussed with account owners and persons with authority on the account. There will be no support to end users, unless consent has been provided by the account holder, in writing.

6.3 The service is available on request (subject to the availability of the Premium Service Team). You are charged a one-time fee for this service, in addition to the normal subscription fees for the relevant IONOS package.

6.4 The scope of each Premium Service is detailed within the service description at the time of purchase.

6.5 The Premium Service Team are available Monday – Saturday between 0800hrs and 1730hrs (excluding public holidays).

6.6 Outside the applicable business hours, a 24-hour-hotline support can be reached for You to make appointments within the business hours.

6.7 Prior to any service being carried out by a Personal Support Assistant, You must agree to the service and the price quoted. Payment for the Premium Services is taken upon booking of the service or subsequent to the service being provided to the Customer, depending on Customer’s payment method.

6.8 The booked service must be used within 30 days of purchase.

6.9 Service-specific consultation calls with a Personal Support Assistant are only available following a purchase of a Service and can only be made within 30 days of purchase.

6.10 You have the right to cancel the Order for Premium Services by e-mail or phone at any time but due to the nature of this customised service and the work involved You will not receive a refund of the service fee if the work has commenced.

6.11 The 30-day money-back guarantee that is offered for some other IONOS products is explicitly excluded for this service.

6.12 Cancelling the Premium Services has no effect on any other existing IONOS contracts. These contracts must be cancelled separately, according to the applicable Terms of Service.

6.13 If applicable, You must provide the Personal Support Assistant with remote access in order for the service to be successfully carried out.

6.14 You must provide any technical equipment in order for the Service to be carried out (e.g. DSL connection, internet connection, and modem).

6.15 You maybe required to provide access to Your IONOS products and accept that some changes to Your products may be required, in order for the service to be completed.

6.16 You are required to fully cooperate with Us in order for the Services to be completed successfully.

6.17 You will be asked to provide files and information (“Content”) for the setup of Your services. You shall submit all Content required in electronic file format by e-mail (including but not limited to Word, jpeg, gif). Content must not be illegal/offensive in nature, and You must be the owner, or have the relevant permission from the copyright holder if using third party materials.

6.18 Content and materials provided by You (for example images and logos) should be of good quality and suitably sized for their intended use. You must not provide content or materials for which You are not the copyright holder, or for which You do not have the permission of the copyright holder to use (excluding open source content and materials).

6.19 It is a requirement of these Terms that You retain a current back-up of any such Content. Any Content will be deleted by Us after the service has been performed and will not be returned to You.

6.20 You may be required to choose passwords for the Service to be performed. You must appropriately update passwords after the Service has been completed.

6.21 You will be notified by Us when Your Service has been completed.

6.22 Following notification of completion, You will have five working days to request any changes to be made.

6.23 All and any change requests must be in line with both the scope and terms and conditions of the IONOS Premium Services.

6.24 If We deem any changes to fall outside of the scope of the Service, You may request further services from the Premium Services Team, who will provide You with an estimate of price and expected time for the additional services. Any estimate of pricing and timing may be subject to change.

6.25 Prior to Us providing the additional services, You must retain a backup of all Your data and confirm to Us that this has been done.

6.26 You will have a further 14 working days to inform Us of any issues they may have after the additional services have been performed.

6.27 Use of these Services means that You agree to abide by both these specific Terms and the IONOS Terms of Service.

6.28 We provides Our Services ‘as is’ and ‘as available’. We do not warrant that Your use of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that the Services will meet Your requirements.

6.29 We shall not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature suffered by You arising out of or in connection with any breach of this Agreement by You or any act, misrepresentation, error or omission made by You or on your behalf.

6.30 We will not be liable for any indirect loss, consequential loss, loss of profit, revenue, data or goodwill howsoever arising suffered by You or for any wasted management time or failure to make anticipated savings or liability You incurred to any third party arising in any way in connection with this Agreement or otherwise whether or not such loss has been discussed by the parties pre-contract or for any account for profit, costs or expenses arising from such damage or loss.
https://www.ionos.co.uk/terms-gtc/terms-and-conditions/