Terms and Conditions of Use
Terms and Conditions of Use
These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms") are only applicable to the website ("Nikon Website") operated and managed by Nikon group companies ("Nikon") in Japan, consisting of Nikon Corporation and its subsidiaries or affiliated companies.
By accessing, browsing and/or using "Nikon Website", you acknowledge that you accept all these "Terms" . If you do not agree to these "Terms", please do not use "Nikon Website".
Please note that these "Terms" do not apply to any website operated by Nikon group companies outside of Japan. "Nikon" recommends that you view terms of use for those respective websites.
Limitation of Use (Copyright and Trademarks)
All materials on "Nikon Website" are protected by copyright laws, related agreements and other laws (collectively "Copyright Laws") of each country throughout the world. Except for cases permitted in writing by these "Terms" or "Nikon Website", you are prohibited from using any material (including duplication, modification, uploading, presentation, transmission, distribution, licensing, sales and publication) by the "Copyright Laws" except for non-commercial and personal purposes. If you want to use any materials on "Nikon Website", you need to obtain "Nikon's" prior written permission
These rights regarding individual company names, trademarks, logo marks, product names and service marks used, quoted and/or referenced on "Nikon Website" belong to "Nikon" or owners of individual rights. You are prohibited from using them, except in cases permitted by trademark laws and other laws.
Disclaimer of liability
"Nikon" assumes no responsibility regarding the accuracy, currency or usefulness of the information (collectively "Contents") provided by "Nikon Website". "Nikon" does not take any responsibility for direct or indirect damage due to malfunction of software and hardware of your personal computer, peripheral equipment and network environment caused by your access to "Nikon Website", except when required by law.
"Nikon" may change or cease website construction, "Terms", "urls" and "Contents" without notice.
Submission of Suggestions and Ideas
Your ideas and suggestions solicited by "Nikon Website" are handled according to respective regulations. "Nikon" does not accept suggestions, including ideas through websites, e-mail or post forwarding, which do not conform to application. If you send "Nikon" ideas through websites, e-mail or post forwarding, regardless of application, "Nikon" assumes that you have sent them to "Nikon" after accepting that, regarding those ideas,
"Nikon" assumes no obligation regarding their confidentiality.
"Nikon" assumes no obligation regarding their review, evaluation, or adoption.
"Nikon" assumes no responsibility regarding payment for their value, nor any other responsibility to the person who sent those ideas or other third parties, even if "Nikon" announces them or makes them public.
"Nikon" can use them freely, and you would not have copyright or any other rights enforced against such use.
The Use of Access Logs, Cookies, and Web Beacons
For resolving server problems and for website administration, "Nikon" sometimes utilizes the data recorded in the access logs of the "Nikon Website". There are also cases in which the website uses cookies and web beacons in order to display the optimal website, with the goal of increased convenience when you access the website multiple times; to statistically analyze and study page viewership; and to transmit advertisements.
You can deactivate the cookie function by changing the settings of the browser that you are using. However, please be aware that if you deactivate cookies, some services on the "Nikon Website" may no longer be available.
None of the data collected through these features contains any information that can identify an individual website visitor. "Nikon" sometimes discloses the collected data to third parties entrusted to statistically study and analyze webpage viewership or transmit advertisements.
Links to Non-Nikon Websites
Those non-Nikon websites ( "linked sites" ), which are linked to or from "Nikon Website", are independently operated and managed by each corporation or individual. They are not under the control and/or supervision of "Nikon", and "Nikon" does not warrant or guarantee the contents of "linked sites" . "Nikon" does not always intend to have special relationship, such as affiliation and cooperation, with those companies that operate "linked sites" . "Nikon" does not always intend to recommend products or services provided by those companies or individuals who operate "linked sites" . When you use "linked sites", please confirm the terms of use and privacy policy of each " linked site " . "Nikon" assumes no responsibility for contents provided by "linked sites" or any damage caused by your use of "linked sites" .
Others
1. Revisions of Terms of Use
"Nikon" may revise the "Terms" without notice. Please confirm the latest update of the "Terms", as they may be revised on "Nikon Website" .
2. Applicable Laws and Jurisdiction
Use of "Nikon Website" and interpretation and application of these "Terms" are in compliance with the laws of Japan, except as otherwise provided. As for all disputes related to "Nikon Website", the Tokyo District Court shall be the exclusive court of first instance, except as otherwise provided.
https://www.nikon.com/usage/group-info/index.htm