The Polar Bear sells tickets on behalf of third-party venues, promoters and event organisers.
General Event Terms & Conditions
Your ticket is issued to you for the event by The Polar Bear. Your entry to the venue is by presenting a print a thome ticket, pre-printed ticket or your ticket on a mobile device screen and constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions. We recommend that you retain your ticket as proof of entry.
Refunds cannot be given unless a performance has been cancelled.
Exchanges are subject to the rules of the venue, promoter or event organiser. Please contact The Polar Bear for details.
If an event is rescheduled, changed or moved, the Promoter will usually give you the option of either retaining or exchanging your tickets for the new date/location, or alternatively claiming a refund. There may be a time limit to claim the refund. In this instance please read/listen carefully to the correspondence from us to find out how it applies to your ticket. In no circumstances will refunds be granted after the event has opened to the public.
Booking fees are NOT refundable.
Tickets are non-transferable. The Polar Bear may take legal action against you if you attempt to re-sell it near the venue or on any secondary ticketing or auction website or use it as a part of any un-authorised promotional activity.
Venue pass outs are not issued and re-admission may not permitted. Please ensure you have everything you need before entering the venue.
Each venue, promoter or event organiser reserves the right to refuse entry, and will do so if you are under the influence of alcohol or an illegal substance, or for any other reason at our discretion. The venue, promoter or event organiser may operate bag searches.
All children under the age of 16 years old must be accompanied by a parent or guardian. For some events, guests over 2-years old will require a ticket (this information will be published on an event by event basis).
Late comers may not be admitted until a suitable break or interval.
All mobile phones and other communication devices should be switched off.
Admission to the Venue is at your own risk and the venue, promoter or event organiser has no liability whatsoever for any loss, damage, death or injury to you or your property which is not caused by its negligence.
The venue, promoter or event organiser reserves the right to make any alternations to the event or advertised arrangements, in particular, the day or time of the performance(s), because of unforeseen and unavoidable circumstances. We will advertise change(s) but are not obliged to refund money or offer an alternative.
If an event is cancelled or rescheduled, we will use reasonable endeavours to notify ticket holders of the cancellation. We do not guarantee that ticket holders will be informed of such cancellations before the date of the event.
You are not permitted to bring audio/film/photographic recording equipment into venues without the express permission of the venue, promoter or event organiser. You consent to the filming and sound recording of the Event as a member of the audience.
Chairs, fireworks, laser pens, flagpoles and other potentially dangerous objects are not permitted within venues unless otherwise stated.
Animals, with the exception of assistance dogs, are not permitted in venues.
Facilities are generally provided for disabled and people with mobility issues. If you have any special access needs, please contact the box office prior to booking your tickets.
WARNING
Prolonged exposure to loud music can cause damage to your hearing.
Flashing lights and other live event special effects will be used at some events as a part of the show.
For outdoor events, please be prepared for inclement weather.
https://www.polarbearhull.com/terms-conditions/