We are looking for a Medical Assistant with SJuHMG Providence OB Department at Heritage Healthcare.
Location : Fullerton, CA
Schedule : Full-time - 80 biweekly hours
Shift : 8-hour Day
Job Summary:
Under general supervision of the LVN Supervisor and the Clinical Manager assists physician/provider with all general medicine or specialized medical practice duties.
Skills :
High level of customer services skills with a genuine caring approach to helping people.
Maintain a positive attitude with changing conditions.
Demonstrates organizational abilities.
Demonstrates dependability.
Requires good written and verbal communications skills to communicate effectively with individuals at all levels of the organization.
Must be able to work under general supervision.
Must have a professional and mature demeanor.
Must be able to work in a fast-paced department and handle multiple tasks, work with interruptions, and deal effectively with confidential information.
Position Requirements:
Education :
High school Diploma or GED
Graduate of a State recognized vocational school or equivalent.
Licensure/Certification:
MA Diploma
Current CPR Certificate
Experience : Two (2) years of experience as a Back Office Medical Assistant in an ambulatory care facility or medical group practice.
Computer Skills: Basic computer skills including Microsoft Word, Windows
Preferred Position Qualification:
Computer Skills : EMR and/or IDX experience is helpful but not required.
Other : Bilingual English/Spanish communication skills.
St. Joseph Health - Mission Heritage Medical Group is one of California's most respected medical groups. With over 3,000 employees and 75 locations throughout California, including, Northern California, Orange County, High Desert and Los Angeles County, Mission Heritage Medical Group has been continually recognized as a leader in quality, customer service and information technology. This kind of success is the result of team work, a commitment to excellence and a strong adherence to the organization's mission, vision and values.St. Joseph Health - Mission Heritage Medical Group provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Mission Heritage Medical Group complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
Company: Heritage Healthcare
Category: Other Healthcare Support
https://psjhealth.jobs/fullerton-ca/medical-assistant-medical-receptionist-ob-experience-preferred/314A06B52FDD428FBBF7E568851DF9F1/job/